https://www.fitnessworld.ca/train-rental/
(North Vancouver, BC) Gym Memberships to Bring Personal Training Clients to Workout | TRAIN by FW TRAIN AT TRAIN BY FW RENTAL SPACE FOR PERSONAL TRAINERS GET IN TOUCH Join Now Train your clients in a state-of-the-art space TRAIN by FW offers a variety of rental options at competitive rates for local Personal Trainers to train their clients. Get access to a results-focused facility that gives you and your clients access to the tools you need for success. GET IN TOUCH Three amazing offerings under one roof Our space is designed to support you, your business and your clients. We’re a three-in-one solution for independent personal trainers looking for a space that will serve them and their clients’ needs. CLIENT ACCESS Your clients can train without a Fitness World membership during their sessions with you, or they can access Fitness World’s full suite of services and amenities with the purchase of a GOAL membership. BUILT FOR TRAINERS Our space is built for personal trainers. With all the latest functional equipment, we have everything you need to get your clients to their goals. GROUP TRAINING If your clients choose to purchase a Fitness World membership, they will have unlimited access to our Small Group Training program, THE WORX. Interested in teaching? Let us know! Why train at TRAIN by FW? Low rental rates Interact daily with Fitness World's member base Early access and discounted rates for continuing education Access to Nutrition Certification and 30% off dotFIT products Semi-private, small studio space Join the TRAIN team We empower trainers to run a successful business. Train who you want, when you want. As an independent trainer, rent space at TRAIN and get access to a top-tier facility, cutting edge equipment and technology, plus get all the perks of being part of the Fitness World fit fam. Train - Contact Us Connect with us Name* Email* Phone By clicking submit, you agree to receive texts and email from Fitness World about exclusive events, promotions and news. Msg and data rates may apply. You may opt out at any time. View privacy policy. A studio concept brought to you by Memberships Rental Space for Trainers Join Now Locations Train By FW Rental Space for Trainers Join Now Train By FW Let's connect Download the app Copyright © 2023 Fitness World Canada. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Whoops! Please enter a valid email address. Got it
