https://gofb.info/EndofYearSaleB
20% Off FB Plus - End of Year Sale! | Community | Fitness Blender Skip to Main Content Get 20% Off with Our End of Year Sale! Fitness Blender Workouts Workout Videos Custom Workouts Programs Workout Programs Meal Plans Pilot Programs Routines Healthy Living Expert Articles Healthy Recipes Wellness Videos Community Community Blog What's New About About Careers Tutorials Our Team Store Membership Hi! Sign In My Fitness Join for Free! Join for free and start building and tracking your workouts, get support from other Fitness Blender members and more! Join Sign In Search Search search Search Search search Cart shopping_bag Membership Workouts Workout Videos Custom Workouts Programs Workout Programs Meal Plans Pilot Programs Routines Healthy Living Articles Healthy Recipes Wellness Videos Community Blog What's New About Careers Tutorials Our Team Store By Fitness Blender—1 week ago Admin Posted in: FB Team / Announcements 20% Off FB Plus - End of Year Sale! What are your 2024 fitness goals? Get ready for a year of healthy habits and support by renewing your existing subscription, returning to Plus if you have let your access lapse, or joining for the first time and connecting with our supportive Community. Now through December 19 at 11:59 PM PST, any way you want to access FB Plus is on sale for 20% off. New to us? Many people new to Fitness Blender ask what the best option is to join. Want low commitment? Our timed access Passes come in a range of options from 1-Day to 90-Days. You can buy your passes now and activate them anytime after purchasing from your FB Wallet. Want the cheapest long-term option? Our yearly subscription is still the cheapest way for you to enjoy FB Plus year-round. With this sale, an annual subscription comes to only $5.33/month. Free Members: Upgrade to FB Plus with one of our Passes (1-Day to 90-Days, activate when you are ready), a monthly subscription ($7.19/month for 3 months then $8.99/monthly, cancel any time), or an annual subscription ($63.99 one-time payment) and enjoy all of Fitness Blender with no more ads. If you own one of our legacy programs and would like to enjoy them ads-free, you can join Plus and repeat your favorite programs without interruptions — and benefit from all the other FB Plus content and features. If you've been on the fence about FB Plus — or annoyed by YouTube’s recent increase in ad frequency — this sale is the perfect opportunity to give it a try. Current Subscribers: Not up for renewal yet? Purchase a subscriber gift card today and use it when your subscription comes up for renewal. If you are currently on auto-renew, make sure you are logged-in to your current FB Plus auto-renew account then click Buy Now to go to the store page where you will see the gift card at the very top. As a reminder, select "For Myself" (not "As a Gift") when you purchase, and save in your FB Wallet to use when your current subscription comes up for renewal. Check out our FAQs if you need a reminder about how apply wallet bucks to an existing subscription. FB Plus Keeps Getting Better We have been working hard to make FB Plus even better — and at the same low price! Added to Plus this year: Workouts: Over 300 new exclusive workouts by certified personal trainers & doctors of physical therapy Programs: over 28 weeks of exclusive workout programming in 2- and 4-week formats Trainer Series Challenges: eight weeks of exclusive 5- and 10-day challenges with your favorite new trainers Mental Health Content: over 20 new meditations and mindfulness exercises as well as 3 new mental wellness programs by a licensed psychologist Updated Calendar: New design, activity tracking, rescheduling, and stats in our Beta calendar Program Updates: Organize your programs, preview a program's workouts, swap workouts, and more Browse Mode: New ways to explore and find your next workout or program In addition to these additions, all programs are now included in FB Plus, giving subscribers ALL ACCESS to everything Fitness Blender has to offer. Want to read more about what we’ve been up to this year and what’s on the horizon for 2024 and beyond? Read the recent Our Year in Review post from Kelli and Daniel to our Fitness Blender Family! Choose one of these great options above to access FB Plus and comment below to tell us about your fitness goals for 2024. - The Fitness Blender Team Related Content Fitness Blender WORKOUT COMPLETE™ Workouts Workout Videos Custom Workouts Programs Workout Programs Meal Plans Pilot Programs Routines Healthy Living Fitness Health Nutrition Healthy Recipes Experts About Careers Tutorials Our Team B2B Options Membership FB Plus Community Blog Contact Us FAQ Store Copyright © 2023 Fitness Blender. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy YouTube Pinterest Facebook Instagram Twitter
