https://416fitnessclub.com/416-fitness-club-our-vision-focus-and-values/
416 Fitness Club - Our Vision, Focus, and Values - 416 Fitness Club Skip to content We are delivering our fitness and nutrition coaching online to stop the spread of COVID-19. Learn More More Info Schedule Pricing Drop In Programs Group Training Personal Training Nutrition Online Training Blog Free Intro Menu More Info Schedule Pricing Drop In Programs Group Training Personal Training Nutrition Online Training Blog Free Intro HERE'S WHAT'S HAPPENING IN OUR COMMUNITY! 416 Fitness Club – Our Vision, Focus, and Values July 22, 2020 Nine years has given us the confidence to really understand who we are and how to deliver the best service possible to our community. Our journey is about helping members believe in themselves, develop meaningful relationships, and genuinely enjoying the gym experience 416 Fitness Club’s inclusive, supportive approach is delivered by badass, knowledgeable, and professional coaches; challenging and effective programming; where we celebrate all wins, no matter how small they may seem. As a team, and a community, we strive to live by the following Vision, Focus, and Values: Vision To lead our clients to their health and fitness goals by delivering an i nclusive environment that is centered around positive change, fun, and education. We provide a home for employees to develop a career and foster ideas to move our training methodology, clients , and the industry forward. Focus To provide the best hour of our members day through a personalized approach that includes top-tier coaching, result s -driven programming, a supportive community, and an unforgettable gym experience. Core Values As a team and a community we live by the following values: Integrity Members We do the right thing, even when no one is watching. We respect our fellow members, coaches, staff, and facility at all times. Team We do the right thing, even when no one is watching. We are committed to conducting our business in a manner that enables us to treat members, guests , and staff with honesty, dignity, and respect at all times. Knowledge Members We are open to learning from our coaches and fellow members every single day. We strive to become experts in our own health and wellness . Team Coaching is teaching, and members are students. We strive to educate members in all aspects of fitness and wellness, throughout their lifetime at 416 Fitness Club. As educators we continue to refine our knowledge to push the standard of our client experience. Commitment Members We are committed to betterment of ourselves, supporting our fellow members, and respecting our coaches . Team We are committed to improving the health and fitness of our members, and ensuring they are successful in achieving their goals. Humility Members and Team We seek and provide honest feedback. We value openness and the curiosity to learn from anyone. We learn from mistakes and success in equal measure, and we’re open to change and continuous improvement. Fun Members We will never take ourselves too seriously. We train because we love to train, and we love the people who train with us. Team We coach because we love to coach. Yes, we will always make our time together effective, results-driven, and emotionally and physically rewarding—but we will also keep it fun! POPULAR POSTS How Do I Get A 6-Pack, Fast? A Time For Change What if I’m Not Ready to Come Back to the Gym? 416 Fitness Club – Our Vision, Focus, and Values 6-Week Quarantine Training Cycle Schedule Your Free Intro Talk with a coach about your goals, get the plan to achieve them. LET’S DO THIS CONTACT (416) 901-0416 info@416fitnessclub.com 390 Queens Quay West Unit 112 Toronto, ON M5V 3A6 Facebook-f Instagram Click here to schedule a Free Intro. During your intro, we'll make a plan to help you reach your goals. BOOK A FREE INTRO Schedule Pricing Terms & Conditions Hold Cancellation Privacy Schedule Pricing Terms & Conditions Hold Cancellation Privacy A Kilo website. All rights reserved fill out the form below to get started! Take the first step towards getting the results you want!
