https://416fitnessclub.com/6-week-quarantine-training-cycle/
6-Week Quarantine Training Cycle - 416 Fitness Club Skip to content We are delivering our fitness and nutrition coaching online to stop the spread of COVID-19. Learn More More Info Schedule Pricing Drop In Programs Group Training Personal Training Nutrition Online Training Blog Free Intro Menu More Info Schedule Pricing Drop In Programs Group Training Personal Training Nutrition Online Training Blog Free Intro HERE'S WHAT'S HAPPENING IN OUR COMMUNITY! 6-Week Quarantine Training Cycle April 12, 2020 INTRODUCING: 6-WEEK QUARANTINE CYCLE Just because we’re stuck at home, doesn’t mean that we can’t build a programming cycle to improve our fitness! Starting Monday, we are going to set the stage for the next 6 weeks. Goal: Bring CrossFit to the comfort of your own home with limited equipment and space. Get outside at 1-2x a week for some running and fresh air! TESTING WEEK Movements of focus will be Squat, Floor Press, Bulgarian Split Squat and Handstands. Get ready to bite down and dig deep as we test for MAX REPS. Also on the testing roster: 2 conditioning tests. Your goal throughout the 4 weeks of training is to increase your capacity in these movements. STRENGTH Due to limited resources that we may have – we will be taking advantage of tempo work! Intentionally slowing down movement under load will help work your posture and position, mechanics, control and absolute strength. Try and get creative week to week by finding ways to add weight to your movements (ie. extra book, double loaded backpack etc). Learning how to lift odd objects will also challenge your body to grip and stabilize in different ways WOD You will still get your daily dose of high intensity conditioning with varied time domains! All workouts have the ability to be completed in smaller areas with a single weight/backpack/bodyweight. GYMNASTICS SKILL This is the perfect time to be working on our inverted work…all you need is a wall! You will find Handstand skill and strength work throughout the week, time to work on weaknesses! AFTER PARTY You will enjoy a daily cashout of accessory movements that compliment the session as well as help balance out core instabilities, prioritize healthy back and shoulders, as well as the favourite arm pump 😉 Following a program and setting goals helps us stay focused in all situations. This is the perfect opportunity to stay connected with your tribe and find joys being able to stay happy and healthy. Miss our group class and working out with your friends? Make sure you join us on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday for our LIVE ZOOM sessions! POPULAR POSTS How Do I Get A 6-Pack, Fast? A Time For Change What if I’m Not Ready to Come Back to the Gym? 416 Fitness Club – Our Vision, Focus, and Values 6-Week Quarantine Training Cycle Schedule Your Free Intro Talk with a coach about your goals, get the plan to achieve them. LET’S DO THIS CONTACT (416) 901-0416 info@416fitnessclub.com 390 Queens Quay West Unit 112 Toronto, ON M5V 3A6 Facebook-f Instagram Click here to schedule a Free Intro. During your intro, we'll make a plan to help you reach your goals. BOOK A FREE INTRO Schedule Pricing Terms & Conditions Hold Cancellation Privacy Schedule Pricing Terms & Conditions Hold Cancellation Privacy A Kilo website. All rights reserved fill out the form below to get started! Take the first step towards getting the results you want!
