https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.disney.datg.videoplatforms.android.abc&hl=en
ABC: Watch TV Shows & News - Apps on Google Play google_logo Play Games Apps Movies & TV Books Kids none search help_outline Sign in with Google play_appsLibrary & devices paymentPayments & subscriptions reviewsMy Play activity redeemOffers Play Pass settingsSettings Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Games Apps Movies & TV Books Kids play_arrowTrailer ABC: Watch TV Shows & News Disney Contains ads 4.4star 69.9K reviews 10M+ Downloads Teen info Share Add to wishlist play_arrowTrailer About this app arrow_forward Watch TV shows, live streaming channels, live sports, and live news. Whether you’re streaming the latest episode of Grey’s Anatomy, watching college football, NFL football or catching up on the latest news, ABC is the app for you. Streaming your favorite shows from ABC, Nat Geo, & FX is simple. Watch live sports and stream TV shows directly. STREAMING MADE SIMPLE WATCH FREE: Thousands of hours of your favorite shows streaming 24/7 in our Unlocked Channels - no sign-in needed. ACCESS: Link to your TV provider once, access everything (live, video on demand, news & more). ANYWHERE: Watch on your favorite devices (Smart TVs, web, tablet & more). FULL EPISODES Watch episodes* of TV shows you can’t get enough of, like Grey’s Anatomy, American Idol, Good Morning America, 20/20, General Hospital, The Bachelor, Dancing with the Stars & more. WATCH LIVE SPORTS** Immerse yourself in the action! Catch thrilling moments from the MLB, NCAA & NFL regular season and playoffs. Live stream sports from anywhere for the ultimate playoff experience. LIVE TV Stream live TV** for your morning dose of GMA, nightly world news from ABC News, and live sporting events, like college and Monday Night Football. STREAMING CHANNELS Access 24/7 streaming channels, including the ABC News Live channel, Press Your Luck, & more - all with no sign-in needed. WATCH TV ON THE GO Streaming is easy when you can watch TV episodes and series on the go. Whether on the train or the treadmill, watch your favorites anytime, anywhere. From classic go-to shows to new seasons of The Bachelor or Dancing with the Stars, watch your way. ABC ACCOUNT Enhance your viewing experience by creating a free account to save your favorites, continue watching where you left off, and sync your preferences across multiple devices! Download the ABC app now to: ◈ Stream live TV, news, and sports with new content daily ◈ Watch your favorite TV shows from anywhere you want, any time ◈ Discover new episodes and TV series from ABC, Nat Geo, FX & Freeform ◈ Access 24/7 streaming channels for uninterrupted entertainment ◈ View videos and extra content from your favorite shows, like Grey’s Anatomy ◈ Find TV schedules so you never miss a chance to watch your favorite episodes Stream your favorite ABC shows, plus Nat Geo, Freeform & FX all on YOUR schedule - download the now and start watching! Comments, questions or seeing an error? Please contact us at http://abc.com/feedback or through the feedback form in the app. For more information visit: abc.com/faq. * The most recent full episodes require a participating TV provider account. Show and episode availability are subject to change. ** Live Sports and the ABC TV live stream are available with a participating TV provider in designated local markets. For a complete list of participating providers and available markets, visit abc.com/faq Before you download this app, please consider that this app includes advertising for some third parties, as well as advertising for The Walt Disney Family of Companies, and may include advertising targeted to your interests. You may choose to control targeted advertising within our applications by using your mobile device settings (for example, by resetting your device’s advertising identifier and/or opting out of interest-based ads). This app also contains social media links as well as location based services to provide local programming in your ABC livestream. Please note: This app features Nielsen’s proprietary measurement software, which will allow you to contribute to market research, like Nielsen’s TV Ratings. Please see www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy for more information. Terms of Use: disneytermsofuse.com Privacy Policy: disneyprivacycenter.com Your California Privacy Rights: privacy.thewaltdisneycompany.com/en/current-privacy-policy/your-california-privacy-rights Do Not Sell My Information: privacy.thewaltdisneycompany.com/en/dnsmi Updated on Oct 3, 2023 Entertainment Data safety arrow_forward Safety starts with understanding how developers collect and share your data. Data privacy and security practices may vary based on your use, region, and age. The developer provided this information and may update it over time. This app may share these data types with third parties Personal info, Messages and 3 others This app may collect these data types Personal info, Messages and 3 others Data is encrypted in transit You can request that data be deleted See details What's new We've updated the app to address bug fixes for a better viewing experience! flagFlag as inappropriate App support expand_more public Website email Support email support@customercare.abc.com place Address 500 South Buena Vista Street Burbank, CA 91521-0105 United States shield Privacy Policy More by Disney arrow_forward Disney+ Disney 4.3star ESPN Disney 4.4star My Disney Experience Disney 4.3star Disneyland® Disney 4.4star ESPN Fantasy Sports Disney 4.5star Play Disney Parks Disney 4.3star Similar apps arrow_forward ABC News: Live Breaking News Disney 3.5star Cascade PBS Cascade Public Media 3.7star The Criterion Channel The Criterion Collection 4.8star MHz Choice: International TV MHz Networks LLC 4.5star CBC Sports Canadian Broadcasting Corporation 4.4star Disney Cruise Line Navigator Disney 4.4star flagFlag as inappropriate Google Play Play Pass Play Points Gift cards Redeem Refund policy Kids & family Parent Guide Family sharing Terms of Service Privacy About Google Play Developers Google Store Canada (English)
