https://www.apple.com/ca/shop/goto/store
Apple Store Online - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Store. The holidays are here. Wonder awaits. Mac iPhone iPad Apple Watch AirPods AirTag Apple TV 4K HomePod Accessories Apple Gift&nbsp;Card The latest. Gifts for that special everyone. NEW iPhone 15 Pro From $1449 NEW Apple Watch Series 9 From $549 NEW MacBook Pro From $2099 Footnote** NEW iPhone 15 From $1129 iPad From $599 NEW Apple Watch Ultra 2 From $1099 MacBook Air From $1749 iPad Air From $799 Apple Watch SE From $329 Apple Store Shopping Event. Get an Apple Gift Card for up to $280 when you buy an eligible product.*** Get your shopping in. Before time runs out. Last chance to get an Apple Gift Card with an eligible purchase.*** SPECIAL OFFER iPhone 14 & iPhone 14 Plus From $999 Buy SPECIAL OFFER MacBook Air 13” and 15” with M2 chip From $1749 Buy SPECIAL OFFER iPad Pro From $1099 Buy SPECIAL OFFER Apple Watch Series 9 From $549 Buy SPECIAL OFFER AirPods Max From $779 Buy Only at Apple. The perfect place to enjoy the holidays. Enjoy two-hour delivery from an Apple Store, free delivery, or easy pickup. Free extended returns between now and 1/8/24. Trade in your device, get credit towards a new one.1 Pay over time with monthly financing. HOLIDAY GIFT DELIVERY Get your holiday gifts on time. See when to order. Dial up the joy. Choose a case. Pick a band. Create an Apple Watch they can call their own. Customize your Mac. Build it just the way you want. Choose your memory, storage, graphics — even colour. APPLE SPECIALIST Get help finding gifts in a store or online. TODAY AT APPLE Join free sessions at your Apple Store. Learn about the latest features and how to go further with your Apple devices. The Apple experience. Even more wonder in store. Get 6 months of Apple Music free. Included with your iPhone, HomePod, AirPods or select Beats product.⁺ APPLE TV+ New Apple Originals every month. Six Apple services. One easy subscription. We’ve got you covered AppleCare+ now comes with unlimited repairs for accidental damage protection. Discover all the ways to use Apple Pay. HOME See how one app can control your entire home. Special stores. Exclusive savings for businesses, school and more. EDUCATION Save on Mac or iPad with education pricing.2 BUSINESS From enterprise to small business, we’ll work with you.2 CERTIFIED REFURBISHED Shop refurbished Apple products backed by a one-year warranty. Quick Links Order Status Shopping Help Returns Your Saves *** Offer valid on qualifying purchases of eligible Apple products from November 24, 2023 to November 27, 2023 at a qualifying location. Offer subject to availability. Qualifying purchases can receive a discount equal to the value of the eligible Apple Gift Card off the price of the eligible product and will be charged for all items at checkout, including the Apple Gift Card. Customers purchasing eligible iPhones via carrier financing are eligible to receive an eligible Apple Gift Card. This offer cannot be combined with the Apple Employee Purchase Plan, education or business loyalty pricing. Some methods of payment are not accepted under this offer. See checkout for details. Additional restrictions apply. View full terms and conditions of offer here. ‡ Payment plans available on approved credit for iPhone and Apple Watch purchases over $99, Mac purchases over $199, and iPad purchases over $199. Offer valid on qualifying purchases of eligible Apple products, at Apple Store locations, apple.com/ca, on the Apple Store app and by calling 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE. Financing provided by Affirm, and all transactions are subject to approval. Financing offers may vary from time to time and may be amended or cancelled at any time. See apple.com/ca/shop/browse/financing(Opens in a new window) for more information. Quebec residents: Learn more about financing here(Opens in a new window). 7.99% APR Representative example based on $1099 purchase: Total repayment amount of $1,192.79 paid over 24 monthly payments of $49.70 at 7.99% APR. Total interest charges and cost of borrowing $93.79. Example transaction amount does not include applicable taxes, which must be paid in full at time of shipment or pickup. 1. Trade‑in values will vary based on the condition, year and configuration of your eligible trade‑in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least the age of majority to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade‑in value may be applied towards a qualifying new device purchase or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when the estimate was made. Sales tax will be assessed on the full value of a new device purchase. In‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid photo ID. Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in‑store and online trade‑in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse, cancel or limit the quantity of any trade‑in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade‑in partner for trade‑in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply. 2. Special pricing available to qualified customers. To learn more about how to start qualifying for special pricing, talk to an Apple Specialist in a store or give us a call on 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE. $13.00 two-hour delivery on eligible Apple products in most areas. Offer is not available on customized Mac, engraved products, and for certain order types including orders paid for with financing or by bank transfer. Delivery times vary according to your selected delivery address, availability of your items and the time of day you place your order. Find a store to view local store hours or see checkout for estimated delivery. A signature is required for delivery. Drivers may ask for verbal confirmation of receipt from a safe distance to satisfy the signature requirement. ⁺ New subscribers only. $10.99/month after trial. Offer available for a limited time to new subscribers who connect an eligible device to an Apple device running iOS 15 or iPadOS 15 or later. Offer good for three months after eligible device pairing. No audio product purchase necessary for current owners of eligible devices. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. ^ Compatible hardware and software required. Not all content available in Spatial Audio with Dolby Atmos. ° New and qualified returning subscribers only. $12.99/month after free trial. Only one offer per Apple ID and only one offer per family if you’re part of a Family Sharing group, regardless of the number of devices that you or your family purchase. This offer is not available if you or your family have previously accepted an Apple TV+ three-months-free or one-year-free offer. Offer valid for three months after eligible device activation. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. ** Price shown refers to MacBook Pro with M3 chip. We use your location to show you delivery options faster. We found your location using your IP address or because you entered it during a previous visit to Apple. Footer Apple Apple Store Online Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Shop and Learn Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Apple Wallet Wallet Apple Pay Account Account Account Manage Your Apple ID Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment Entertainment Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store Apple Store Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business For Business Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education For Education Apple and Education Shop for K-12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare For Healthcare Apple in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone Apple Values Apple Values Apple Values Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supplier Responsibility About Apple About Apple About Apple Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
