https://www.bcpti.ca/
BCPTI - The British Columbia Personal Training Institute ABOUT US Become a Certified Trainer CPT Pricing Continuing Education First-Aid & CPR Blog Contact Us BCPTI Home BCPTI Home BCPTI Home Joshua Russell 2023-10-23T20:46:58+00:00 Welcome to the BC Personal Training Institute BCPTI was founded in 2013 because we saw the need to provide a better education for prospective personal trainers. By providing classroom and in-gym training you’ll be well versed in both the scientific and practical approach to personal training. Becoming a certified personal trainer means you’ve committed to making a difference in your community. We provide you with a world-class evidence-based training model that prepares you to step into the real-world fitness industry and begin helping clients right away! BCPTI certifies our students through the National Academy of Sports Medicine (NASM) certification; a certification accredited by the National Commission for Certifying Agencies (NCCA) and globally recognized. CPT May 2023 Class “Would highly recommend this amazing program. The Guidance and the hands on aspect of learning has helped this experience go smoothly. I feel more confident going into my career as a personal trainer. Thanks to Brian and his perspective on fitness, joining mind and body has helped me have a more wholistic approach on guiding people in their fitness journey.” Julia Plett BCPTI Graduate (2023) “I just finished the course and let me tell ya, the people involved are top notch! The course itself is really informative, and the hands on experience is key. Here I learned more than what’s needed for certification. I have so much more knowledge now and I’m ready to take on Personal Training to the next level. Thanks BCPTI and all the instructors! I’m a better person for being there.” Dwayne Bishop BCPTI Graduate (2023) “If you’re reading this review is because you’re considering BCPTI as one of your options. I would tell you to go for it, the value that you get exceeds by far your investment No matter if your goal is to become a personal trainer or to know how to train better, the experience of being with people with similar passions all working towards a similar goal is just amazing. Not to mention the instructors there, Brian and Josh, the most knowledgeable people I’ve never met when it has to do with fitness and their experience is simply so rich that I could just spend hours listening to them without even feeling fatigued. Definitely a very recommended place if you’re trying to seek new paths in life.” Junjie Bai BCPTI Graduate (2023) Are you passionate about health and fitness? Then make it a career! The demand for Personal Trainers is at an all-time high. Join this growing industry and become a fitness leader today. Our program is designed to get you ready for a fast-paced, client-oriented and ever-evolving workplace. Our instructors work as personal trainers, and our classes blend learning the curriculum with lots of hands-on practical experience including assessments, movement coaching, workouts and peer practice. Service, Science and Sales: this simple formula is designed to help our students succeed in the workplace. Each student will be taught the science behind personal training, how to create an exceptional client experience and learn how to employ consultative sales techniques. Learn how to gain, train and retain clients and build a successful training career. Become a Certified Personal Trainer Location: BCPTI Dates: Jan 2nd, 2024 – Feb 24, 2024 Early Bird Registration ends Dec 18th, 2023. Learn More Next Continuing Education Course: Barbell Access Certification Certification Dates: Dec 9-10. ~9-5pm. Course Flow: Day 1 – Traditional BIG 3 assessment, analysis and practice Day 2 – Correctives, programming, video analysis, alternative barbell movements Resources provided: Course manual Extensive Exercise Library Programming templates Assessment follow up template Learning Outcomes: Learn WHEN, HOW and WHY to incorporate barbell training into your periodised training program Learn how to effectively SCREEN your mobility and select the appropriate barbell, set up and movement pattern for you/your client based on your NEEDS and GOALS. Learn how to develop and improve POSITIONING and TECHNIQUE in barbell movements through PROGRESSIONS, REGRESSIONS and MOBILITY/STABILITY improvements. Increase your MOVEMENT LIBRARY and in turn efficacy/value as a coach by adding unconventional barbell movements to your repertoire Develop your COACH’S EYE, utilizing VIDEO ANALYSIS to improve your impact as a coach and help build more VALUE for your current and PROSPECTIVE CLIENTS. Learn how to PROGRAM barbell movements for each phase of your PERIODIZATION model, depending on your goals/outcomes and current capacities. Location: BCPTI Learn More Just Browsing? Check out our blog! Leveraging Body Mechanics: Comprehensive Look at Sumo vs. Conventional Deadlifts by Kat LePage November 1, 2023 Introduction: The world of deadlifting is rife with discussions comparing Sumo and Conventional styles. Amidst the noise, a misconception often crops up, alleging that Sumo deadlifting is akin to cheating due to its perceived advantages. This notion stems from the belief that the reduced vertical bar travel in Sumo deadlifting makes it an easier option. … Read more Greens Supplements: What’s the deal? by Brian Truong August 22, 2023 In recent years, the popularity of greens supplements has skyrocketed. These powdered blends claim to provide a convenient and nutrient-dense way to boost your daily intake of fruits and vegetables. But are they really worth the hype and the investment? It can be difficult for the average person to get enough micronutrients due to a … Read more The Overhead Press (OHP) – Unlocking Strength and Stability by Kat LePage July 28, 2023 The Overhead Press, or OHP, is a powerful expression of the human body’s overall function. It requires utilizing the entire kinetic chain and possessing adequate mobility and stability for proper execution. Unfortunately, the OHP has gained a somewhat negative reputation due to its demanding nature in terms of neuromuscular control and the ability to achieve … Read more Continue to the BCPTI Blog — > Find us on Facebook The latest from our Blog Leveraging Body Mechanics: Comprehensive Look at Sumo vs. Conventional Deadlifts Greens Supplements: What’s the deal? The Overhead Press (OHP) – Unlocking Strength and Stability Contact Info Mobile: 604-834-5223 Email: brian@bcpti.ca Copyright 2012 - 2020 Avada | All Rights Reserved | Powered by WordPress | Theme Fusion
