https://www.fitnessworld.ca/classes/bollyx-classes/
BollyX Classes – Near Vancouver, BC | Fitness World Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Join Now Free 3-day pass Member Login Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Member Login Join Now all you need to know about BollyX Class AT FITNESS WORLD Join Now View Classes Welcome to the Ultimate BollyX Workout Step out of your comfort zone and experience a fun, new way to get your cardio workout in (without feeling like you’re actually working out.) BollyX is the perfect dance-craze fitness class that will get you out of your head and onto the dance floor. With its unique combination of eclectic music styles and Bollywood-inspired dance choreography, you’ll leave feeling like you left the club, rather than a workout class. BollyX classes are great for all activity levels and encourages class-goers to go at their own pace! Our instructors will set the pace and you can follow along, doing moves that feel good for your body. Grab your dancing bestie and join the movement to a happier (and much more exciting) workout routine. Types of BollyX Classes at Fitness World BollyX BollyX is a Bollywood-inspired dance-fitness class that combines dynamic choreography with the hottest music from around the world. This cardio workout cycles between higher and lower-intensity dance sequences to get you moving. Join Fitness World Today! Ready to join the Fitness World party? Sign up for a FIT or GOAL membership today to get unlimited access to group fitness classes! Choose from yoga & stretch classes to strength training, and more! Join Today! Find Your Next BollyX Class -- Select Location -- Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook TRAIN by FW Main Street Victoria All Days MondayTuesdayWednesdayThursdayFridaySaturdaySunday Yoga & Stretch Strength Cardio Cycle THE WORX Location Monday Time Class Duration Instructor Class Type Details Class Description Location Day Time Class Duration Instructor Class Type Show All Explore More Grab Your Free 3-Day Pass Need three days of fun, heart-pumping workouts? Sign up for a completely free 3-day pass that will give you access to a variety of our amazing fitness amenities like state-of-the-art equipment, relaxation and recovery tools, and more! FW Online is here! Workout anytime, anywhere with our on-demand virtual fitness classes, available with select memberships in the FW Mobile App. Grab My Pass BollyX FAQs What is BollyX? BollyX is a Bollywood-inspired dance-fitness program that includes fun, dynamic choreography with heart-pumping workouts, all to the upbeat music from around the world. Can a beginner go to a BollyX class? Yes! BollyX is a great, beginner-friendly exercise class that is perfect for those who love a “non-workout workout.” The upbeat music and fun dance moves can be easily modified to match your fitness abilities. Can Bollywood dance workouts help you lose weight? Yes, Bollywood dance workouts feature a lot of cardio movements, which is great for those looking to lose weight. Combined with a calorie deficit, you can use BollyX as your cardio workouts for the week and get the results you’re looking for. Is BollyX recommended for all ages? Yes, BollyX classes can be taken at any age, however, it’s up to each individual’s fitness and activity level to complete the multiple, fast movements that occur during each class. For questions, speak to a Fitness World instructor before attending. Join Now Free 3-day Pass Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to Clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Let's connect Download the app Copyright © 2023 Fitness World Canada. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Whoops! Please enter a valid email address. Got it
