https://fitnessworld.ca/classes/cardio-training/
Cardio Classes – Near Vancouver, BC | Fitness World Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Join Now Free 3-day pass Member Login Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Member Login Join Now all you need to know about Cardio Class AT FITNESS WORLD Join Now View Classes It’s Time to Move it, Move it Ready to experience cardio in a brand-new way? Well, you can skip the treadmill workout this weekend because we have nine amazing, heart-pumping cardio classes that are designed to deliver all the delicious benefits of a truly engaging workout. Each cardio class offers different exercises so you’ll never get bored! Whether you’re looking for a dance-based cardio class or a strength training-cardio class combination, we’ve got the exact cardio class for you. And the best part? All fitness levels are welcome! From beginning and intermediate, all the way to advanced, there’s something new to learn and love in a Fitness World cardio class. Find the class you love at any one of our 16 locations and let’s get moving – together! Types of Cardio Classes at Fitness World Nothin' But Cardio Experience the high and low-impact drills and bouts of easy choreography in our Nothin’ But Cardio class, all designed to make this a super fun, non-stop heart pumpin’ jam session a great, active time. All the HIITs! This high-energy interval-style class will challenge both cardio and power with drills that thrill! Experience effort and recovery sequences for all levels and a euphoric workout. Retro Step Go back in time and experience the best part of our dynamic, choreographed step class. This class is perfect for both a physical and mental challenge. So, try something new and let’s get your cardio on, retro style! True Tabata True Tabata combines the authentic and effective training style of 20-seconds of all-out effort followed by 10 seconds of rest for eight rounds. For incredible results: push, recover, repeat. Row + Glow Experience our newest interval format using rowers and free weights. Blast calories in this cardio/strength combo that challenges your stamina and all major muscle groups through alternating 5-minutes bouts of rowing with weight lifting. Finish off with a full-body cooldown and a stretch for a guaranteed post-workout glow. Booty Burn Try out the cardio class that focuses on one crucial body part: the booty. In this class, we’ll use the booty band for targeted definition and functional strength. Get sculpted tone and a bit of burn for your best posterior ever. Barre-Tastic Work the smaller, more delicate muscles you don’t even know you have in our favourite ballet-inspired exercise class. In just under an hour, this workout will target your booty and core like never before! Tread + Shred This 30-minute circuit-style workout class takes you through grueling (but glorious) treadmill and booty band intervals for an ultimate kickass class. *This class takes place at the treadmill station in the cardio area. Zumba® Toning Zumba® toning combines targeted body-sculpting exercises and high-energy cardio work with Latinfused Zumba moves to create a calorie-torching, strength training dance fitness party! Use hand weights to enhance rhythm and tone all your target zones, including abs, arms, glutes, and thighs. Join Fitness World Today! Find the cardio class that’s perfect for you at Fitness World! Sign up for Fit or Goal memberships today to get unlimited access to group studio classes! Choose from cardio classes and yoga & stretch classes to strength training, and more! We have all the classes you could ever want right here. Join Today! Find a Cardio Class Click here to see the full schedule -- Select Location -- Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook TRAIN by FW Main Street Victoria All Days MondayTuesdayWednesdayThursdayFridaySaturdaySunday Location Monday Time Class Duration Instructor Class Type Details Class Description Location Day Time Class Duration Instructor Class Type Show All Explore More Grab Your Free 3-Day Pass Your weekend is officially booked! Sign up for a completely free 3-day pass that will give you access to a variety of our amazing fitness amenities like state-of-the-art equipment, relaxation and recovery tools, and more! FW Online is here! Workout anytime, anywhere with our on-demand virtual fitness classes, available with select memberships in the FW Mobile App. Grab My Pass Cardio FAQs Can a beginner go to a cardio class? Yes! We encourage members of all fitness levels to try out our cardio classes. If you’re a beginner, simply speak to our expert fitness instructors beforehand so that they can help assist you with workout modifications. Which cardio class is best for beginners? The two best cardio classes for beginners would be our Nothin’ But Cardio class and our Barre-Tastic class, however, all classes can be modified to work with a beginner’s skill level. How often should one do cardio workouts to lose weight? If weight loss is your goal, we recommend incorporating three days of cardio classes (or workouts) into your fitness routine and combining it with a calorie deficit. I’m not looking to lose weight. Are cardio classes right for me? Yes! Whether you’re looking to lose weight or not, cardio exercises are an important part of maintaining a healthy, active lifestyle. If weight loss is not your goal, simply stay in a calorie maintenance phase or a calorie surplus. Join Now Free 3-day Pass Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to Clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Let's connect Download the app Copyright © 2023 Fitness World Canada. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Whoops! Please enter a valid email address. Got it
