https://disneyadsales.com/
Disney Advertising – Partner with Us – The official entry point for partnering with The Walt Disney Company OUR BRANDS ABC ABC News Andscape Disney Disney Local ESPN Freeform FX Hulu National Geographic INSIGHTS Thought Leadership Generation Stream SOLUTIONS Disney CreativeWorks Technology & Innovation BLOG CONTACT US LOG IN “We ARE the driving force of the industry, marrying the best content with the smartest, most efficient and effective technology, so we transact, smarter, faster, and measure accurately across all metrics and KPIs.” Learn More A program designed to educate and empower underrepresented-owned small businesses. Put the power of Disney to work for you! Read More A program designed to educate and empower underrepresented-owned small businesses. Put the power of Disney to work for you! Read More Partners, Over the years, we’ve celebrated a lot of firsts together and I couldn’t be more excited to mark our newest milestone on December 8th, the launch of advertising on Disney+. Disney+ with ads provides greater accessibility to a broader audience and gives consumers ultimate choice and control, which is consistent with all of the ways Disney connects brands with its fans. This is far from uncharted territory for us – Hulu and ESPN+ are leaders among all ad-supported subscription services, which further bolsters our portfolio of entertainment, news and sports offerings. Streaming has opened the door for increased accessibility, connecting a more diverse audience with our content and storytelling in the process, and we’re thrilled to bring brands like yours into the story with us. To our Disney+ launch partners who are embarking on this new journey with us, thank you for your trust. Your commitment and collaboration is what makes magic possible and we look forward to taking our relationship to new heights. We have a bold new vision for the future…to unlock the power of the portfolio to drive the outcomes that matter most to our partners. Rita Ferro President, Disney Advertising Meet Generation Stream is Disney Advertising's commitment to deeply understanding the people behind the shift to streaming. Meet Generation Stream IN THE NEWS Discover the latest articles across the digital ecosphere on the impact of Disney’s Media and Entertainment brands. October 27, 2023 Disney+ Expands Advertising Automation and Measurement Capabilities, 10 Months After Successful AVOD Launch￼ October 6, 2023 Disney Advertising Hits the Ice with Nearly Sold-Out NHL Regular Season￼ October 4, 2023 How Disney is helping brands extend Halloween momentum into the holidays September 30, 2023 Quizzes Replace Traditional Ads in Disney’s Streaming ‘Toy Story’ Football Game September 14, 2023 Hulu Launches ‘Top 15 Today’ List for Most Popular Films and TV Shows￼ September 6, 2023 Disney Advertising Secures Impressive Brand Sponsor Lineup for 2023-24 College Football Season Across ESPN Platforms￼ DISNEY ADVERTISING Disney Advertising is responsible for advertising sales and integrated marketing for The Walt Disney Company’s entertainment and sports offerings through linear, digital, social, audio and ad-supported streaming businesses. This includes ABC, ABC News, Disney+, Disney Channels Worldwide, Disney Digital, ESPN Networks, ESPN+, Freeform, FX, National Geographic, Hulu, and its eight ABC-owned local stations. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Your US State Privacy Rights Children’s Online Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Interest-Based Ads GENERAL INFO ADDRESS Disney Advertising 77 West 66th Street New York, NY 10023 EMAIL Disney.Advertising@disney.com QUICK LINKS HOME OUR BRANDS DISNEY CREATIVEWORKS NEWS APP DOWNLOAD INSTRUCTIONS THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY CONTACT US DISNEY CAREERS | DISNEY ADVERTISING LOG IN © 2023 Disney Advertising All rights reserved × Forgot password Don't have an account? Sign up Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preferences
