https://www.fitnessworld.ca/blog/dont-miss-the-action-at-surreys-best-gym/
Don’t Miss the Action at Surrey’s Best Gym - Fitness World Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Join Now Free 3-day pass Member Login Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Member Login Join Now Don’t Miss the Action at Surrey’s Best Gym July 17, 2023 Written by Fitness World Welcome to Surrey Fitness World, Whalley’s biggest and best gym at Central Avenue, Surrey. This state-of-the-art fitness center is the ideal place to achieve your fitness goals, no matter your level of experience. Enjoy your workout and surround yourself with supportive and motivating staff and personal trainers. Our Surrey Fitness World location has everything necessary to reach your fitness goals. From heart pumping fitness classes to strength and conditioning workout classes, five lifting platforms, plenty of heavy weights, and machines, you’ll break a sweat in no time. Sign up for a free 3-day pass at Surrey to experience the full range of workout options. What Amenities Can You Enjoy at Surrey Fitness World? Surrey’s Fitness World gym provides members access to first-class amenities, such as studio classes, child minding, tanning, lifting platforms, and more. All fitness levels are welcome to discover a variety of workouts designed for their unique abilities. Expand your mind and strengthen your body with our premium amenities and exceptional staff. Child Minding Enjoy your workout and have peace of mind knowing your children are in a safe and enjoyable place with our child minding services. During child minding, children are free to play and use their imagination in a clean, supervised environment. Focus on your goals, and we will focus on your littles. Class Studio Surrey Fitness World’s designated workout studio provides a wide variety of fitness classes. Enjoy classes like yoga, strength, cardio, and cycling, to name a few. Our workouts are developed by experienced trainers and challenge you to push yourself, building muscle, endurance, flexibility, and more. Try something new and slow down with a Yoga Earth class that will strengthen your muscles while improving posture and flexibility. Our expert instructors can help support modifications during class at any time to fit your ability level. HydroMassage Treat yourself to a state-of-the-art HydroMassage in these unique and customizable massage chairs. Control your desired amount of pressure, speed and focus area to suit your sore muscles. A quick 15-30 minutes post-workout is all it takes to feel ready to take on the day. Lockers & Showers At the Surrey gym, members can access club lockers for daily use. Be sure to bring a lock if you want to add protection for your belongings, and do not leave any belongings in the lockers overnight! Showers are also available for you to rinse off before and after workouts. Normatec Add high-tech recovery tools like our Normatec air compression boots to your post-workout recovery routine. Slide on the boots and let Normatec take care of the rest. Get your legs feeling fresher faster and get your sore muscles back into shape. Olympic Lifting Platforms Surrey’s impressive Olympic lifting platforms are protected areas where members can work on their strength training. So get in your reps, place those heavily loaded barbells directly on the ground and enjoy these superb surfaces to perform all your Olympic weightlifting exercises. Tanning Fitness World’s tanning services offer vertical tanning systems using SmartLampsTM that give an immediate and lasting bronze for a better tan with fewer tanning sessions. Women’s Only Area Feel confident and comfortable working out in our Women’s Only gym area. Train with other women, feel motivated and inspired, and connect with other community members in the gym. Discover the Surrey Fitness World Difference Today Don’t just meet, but excel at all your fitness goals. Surrey Fitness World’s gym provides membership options to find the best fitness solution for your fitness needs. Benefit from our friendly, knowledgeable staff and trainers, state-of-the-art amenities, and more. Contact us today to get started! Join Now Free 3-day Pass Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to Clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Let's connect Download the app Copyright © 2023 Fitness World Canada. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Whoops! Please enter a valid email address. Got it
