https://egym.com/en/support/
EGYM | Support Team Skip to main content Why EGYM? Discover our innovation Gameday Download our latest whitepaper Download our catalog Join our team Find EGYM Near You Tackle Your Business Challenges With EGYM Tech-enabled workout experiences are now synonymous with the success of a club. With EGYM, you can meet your digitalization challenges head-on while staying focused on your business's success. Learn more Solutions Smart Scaling Complete solution for gyms without trainers. Smart Coaching Concept solution with focus on personal support. Enterprise Solutions Specialized solutions for global fitness brands. About The EGYM Experience Exercisers want personalized workouts that are effective and fun. Our answer? The EGYM Experience. The Company EGYM is a global fitness technology leader that makes workouts smarter, more efficient, and fun for everyone. Careers We are building a fitness ecosystem for real people. To get the job done, we need you! Products & Services Discover our innovation Gameday Motivate members with BioAge The EGYM Ecosystem Combines smart workout equipment, digital apps, and services from EGYM with the products of more than 100 connected partners. Learn more Products Fitness Hub Enables quick onboardings, optimal member care, and continuous motivation on the fitness floor of the future. Smart Strength Provides a personalized, interactive, and motivating strength workout to your members. For Beginners For Experts For your success Smart Cardio Enables your members to continue their fitness journey on connected 3rd-party cardio machines. Mobile Packs Bundles our member and trainer apps with unique feature sets to suit your needs and budget. Branded Member App Trainer App Services The Success Model Provides a guided and tested process to ensure you can make the most of your EGYM solution. Marketing Services Order marketing materials to download or print-on-demand. Connected Partners Discover our innovation Gameday Download our latest whitepaper Download our catalog Join our team Find EGYM Near You EGYM Cloud Whether members are working out on EGYM products, integrated partner equipment, or using member apps and wearables – the EGYM Cloud enables a fully connected workout experience and progress tracking across our entire ecosystem. Learn more Partner Overview Strength Equipment Connect compatible partner strength equipment. Management Software Connect your member management software. Cardio Equipment Connect your cardio equipment. Body Analysis Connect body composition analyzers. Apps & Wearables Connect personal apps and wearables. Resources Discover our innovation Gameday Download our latest whitepaper Download our catalog Join our team Find EGYM Near You For Operators Brand guidelines, imagery, logos, and marketing materials – in this section, you will find all the resources you need to optimally promote EGYM in your facility and manage all your EGYM products. Learn more Blog EGYM Updates on everything EGYM. Success Stories Inspiring EGYM success stories. Fitness Technology The latest news in fit-tech. Industry News What's up in the fitness industry. Sports Science & Health Stay up-to-date with the latest sports science. Training Tips Sound advice on working out with and without EGYM. Product Updates EGYM product updates and information. Customer Portals Business Suite Get realtime information on your EGYM solution. EGYM Digital Learning Access all learning resources for our digital products. Contact Us Login Support Team Whether you are a gym operator or a gym member, our specialists from the support team will help you answer your questions. Choose between both options and navigate easily to your right contact person. You are a gym operator? Our support team will be happy to help you with any questions about our products. For operators You are a gym member? All exercisers can count on the EGYM Experts for questions about equipment & apps. For members This content is hosted by a third party (%%host%%) and requires you to allow Marketing Cookies, which you currently have disabled. By showing the external content, you accept our use of Marketing Cookies and our Show External Content Select Your Location USA / Canada France España Deutschland United Kingdom Can't find your country? Check out our International page for distributors in your area! Close Smart Strength Smart Cardio Fitness Hub Branded Member App EGYM Trainer Contact Support Careers Training Programs For Operators United States Copyright © 2023 EGYM Cookies Legal Privacy Terms of use Update Cookie Preferences and Do Not Sell My Data Settings
