https://www.fitnessblender.com/fb-plus
FB Plus | Fitness Blender Skip to Main Content Get 20% Off with Our End of Year Sale! Fitness Blender Workouts Workout Videos Custom Workouts Programs Workout Programs Meal Plans Pilot Programs Routines Healthy Living Expert Articles Healthy Recipes Wellness Videos Community Community Blog What's New About About Careers Tutorials Our Team Store Membership Hi! Sign In My Fitness Join for Free! Join for free and start building and tracking your workouts, get support from other Fitness Blender members and more! Join Sign In Search Search search Search Search search Cart shopping_bag Membership Workouts Workout Videos Custom Workouts Programs Workout Programs Meal Plans Pilot Programs Routines Healthy Living Articles Healthy Recipes Wellness Videos Community Blog What's New About Careers Tutorials Our Team Store Add more to your membership with FB Plus All Access Join FB Plus Today Features Pricing FAQs System Requirements Exclusive to FB Plus 76 Programs & Challenges Additional Programs and Challenges created by certified personal trainers. 613 Professional Workouts Additional professional workouts by trainers and doctors of physical therapy. 115 Expert Articles Additional expert articles covering fitness, nutrition and mental wellness. 128 Healthy Recipes Additional healthy recipes from registered dietitians and professional chefs. favorite It isn't all about what you get. It is also about what you give. As an FB Plus member, you are helping us continue to create free content so everyone, regardless of income level or access to a gym, can make fitness a part of their daily lives. Custom Programs Swap workouts, save your changes, and create unique routines from any program. Personal Routines Create your own routines from the entire library of workouts, or add your own for a completely personalized schedule. Custom Workouts Add your walks, sporting events, or any other exercise to your Fitness Blender calendar or personal routines. Interactive Meal Plans Try delicious meals that you can personalize to match your current energy needs. All Membership Features Features Plus Free Hundreds of Professionally-Built Workout Videos check_circle check_circle Wide Selection of Healthy Living Articles check_circle check_circle Healthy and Convenient Recipes check_circle check_circle Positive and Encouraging Community check_circle check_circle Interactive Workout Calendar check_circle check_circle Vlogs, Behind-the-Scenes Updates, Weekly Giveaways check_circle check_circle Search and Filter Videos to Find Exactly What You Need check_circle check_circle Save Your Favorite Videos check_circle check_circle Ads-Free Website and Videos check_circle "Surprise Me" Workout Selection Tool check_circle Statistics for Your Activities check_circle Enter and Track Custom Workouts check_circle Trackers to See Your Progress check_circle Exclusive Workouts check_circle Access to all Programs and Challenges check_circle See Workout History and Take Notes on Individual Workouts check_circle Additional Video Filters for More Refinement check_circle Tagging to Help Organize Videos check_circle Create, Save, and Repeat Personal Routines check_circle Ability to Mark Recovery Day Complete check_circle One Click Access to Find Similar Workouts check_circle Custom Difficulty and Minute Tracking for more Accurate Workout Data check_circle Schedule Recipes on the Calendar check_circle Individual Recipe Dashboards with Tags and Notes check_circle Schedule Expert Articles on the Calendar check_circle Individual Expert Articles Dashboards with Tags and Notes check_circle Workout Program Shelf to Organization your Active Programs check_circle Interactive Meal Plans for Healthy Eating check_circle New Swap workouts on the go during a scheduled program or challenge check_circle New Save customized programs and challenges to keep your changes check_circle New Create a copy of an existing program or challenge to personalize everything from the workouts to the days you want to train check_circle expand_less Back to Top Pricing FB Plus gives you access to exclusive workouts, challenges, and recipes, as well as a constantly growing set of features as a part of a monthly or yearly subscription. If you still aren't sure if FB Plus is right for you, new memberships start with a one week free trial. Join FB Plus Today Save with Auto-Renew Monthly $8.99 $7.19 Yearly $79.99 $63.99 expand_less Back to Top FB Plus Passes Passes give you full access to everything FB Plus has to offer, without a long-term subscription. Buy a Pass Frequently Asked Questions Do I qualify for the FB Plus one week free trial? New auto-renew users who have never accessed FB Plus before qualify for a one week free trial (credit card required on sign up). Users with a previous FB Plus membership will not be eligible for the trial period. You can cancel at anytime during the trial and your card will not be charged. If you'd like to keep using FB Plus, you don’t need to do a thing and your first payment will happen automatically on the trial end date. FB Plus Passes do not include a free trial. Is FB Plus a mobile app? FB Plus is not a separate mobile app, it extends and adds functionality, content, and features to our mobile-friendly website. However, you can use the website like an app by saving it to the home screen of your smartphone or tablet. Does FB Plus impact my free membership or programs/meal plans I already own? FB Plus doesn't replace your free membership, programs, or meal plans. In fact, it adds to your experience! You can keep using Fitness Blender the way you always have with no new cost. Or, with FB Plus, you can supplement all the content you already use or own with extra functionality and features. Does this mean free membership won't get new updates and content? Not at all. Our free membership is still the core of our business and reason for being, so new workouts, healthy living content, recipes, and website features are always in development. Do I have to sign up with a contract? No way! You can sign up for one month at a time, or you can choose discounted monthly or yearly options with auto-renewal. Cancel at any time with just one click from your FB Plus account page. What if I cancel before my next billing period? FB Plus allows you to buy a month or year of time in advance. If you cancel your account, you will still have access to all the features until the end of your billing cycle. If you signed up with recurring payments, your account won't automatically renew. Do I have to become a FB Plus member to continue using Fitness Blender? No. You will be able to access Fitness Blender as you always have. With your free membership, you will still have access to all of the great content and functionality you are used to. Will there still be new workout videos that are free? How often? Yes, Fitness Blender will continue to put out new content on a regular basis. However, with other content and website features to work on too, we won't post as frequently as before. Will I still have access to Workout Programs that I have previously purchased? Absolutely, once you have purchased a Workout Program, it is yours to keep and can be reused anytime, with no expiration date. Is FB Plus a subscription? We wanted to make FB Plus as flexible as possible, so you can use it as a monthly or yearly subscription, or sign-up for with a FB Plus Pass for a set number of days — it's up to you. Can I access FB Plus without a subscription? Yes. You can purchase a FB Plus Pass from the store as a one-time purchase. With a FB Plus Pass, you get full access to FB Plus content and features for a set number of days and can purchase additional FB Plus Passes to add more days as necessary. When does the FB Plus Pass start? Access to FB Plus features and content will begin when you activate the FB Plus Pass from your FB Wallet. What are the differences between the new player and viewing on YouTube? Will I still be able to watch videos on my TV? Will I be able to download videos? The player is different than YouTube, but you will still be able to watch videos on your TV. Please see the system requirements for supported devices and casting options. Chromecast and Airplay are supported if the browser or device natively supports it. Videos cannot be downloaded at this time. How often will new features for FB Plus be released? We don't have an exact timeline, but the new features we already have planned will keep us busy for quite some time. You can expect the first “new” features for FB Plus to be released within weeks of launch. Will FB Plus be prioritized over “regular” Fitness Blender? No! Our primary goal is to remain true to our long-standing mission to make health and fitness attainable, affordable, and approachable. We want as many people as possible to have access to reliable fitness content. Do I get access to all Workout Programs and Meal Plans if I sign up for FB Plus? Yes, you get access to all programs, challenges and meal plans as they are released. expand_less Back to Top Video System Requirements In order to provide ads-free video, FB Plus uses a video player with specific browser support. If you experience problems with playback, please make sure you are using one of the browser/device combinations listed. If you aren't sure your setup will work, you can test the video player before signing up. Browser Supported Notes Microsoft Edge (Win, Mac) check_circle Last Three Versions For Windows 10N/10KN, you can install Microsoft's Media feature pack. IE's Compatibility mode is not supported IE's Enterprise mode is not supported Chrome Desktop (Win, Mac) check_circle Last Three Versions Firefox Desktop (Win, Mac) check_circle Last Three Versions Safari Desktop (Mac) check_circle Last Three Versions Safari Mobile (iOS) check_circle Last Three Versions Chrome Mobile (Android) check_circle Last Three Versions Google no longer supports Android 4.x and older with the Chrome browser. IE 11 warning IE 11 is no longer actively supported on any version of Windows Microsoft Edge Legacy 15-18 warning Older versions of Edge are no longer actively supported on any version of Windows SmartTV Browsers warning The default LG and Samsung SmartTV browsers are not supported Please see casting options below if you have a SmartTV that supports Chromecast or AirPlay Chromecast Support Casting is limited to what the browser or device natively supports: Desktop/Chrome Android/Chrome Learn more about how to use Chromecast in the FAQs. Chromecast Receiver Supported Notes Chromecast (3rd Generation) check_circle Chromecast Ultra check_circle Chromecast with Google TV (preliminary support) check_circle Google TV may have playback issues when using captions. Google Nest Hub warning Google Nest Hub is currently not supported. Chromecast (1st and 2nd Generation) warning Older versions or combinations may continue working, but they are not supported. AirPlay Support iOS/Safari Learn more about how to use AirPlay in the FAQs. expand_less Back to Top Fitness Blender WORKOUT COMPLETE™ Workouts Workout Videos Custom Workouts Programs Workout Programs Meal Plans Pilot Programs Routines Healthy Living Fitness Health Nutrition Healthy Recipes Experts About Careers Tutorials Our Team B2B Options Membership FB Plus Community Blog Contact Us FAQ Store Copyright © 2023 Fitness Blender. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy YouTube Pinterest Facebook Instagram Twitter
