https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.netpulse.mobile.fitbodybootcampcanada
Fit Body Check In - Canada - Apps on Google Play google_logo Play Games Apps Movies & TV Books Kids none search help_outline Sign in with Google play_appsLibrary & devices paymentPayments & subscriptions reviewsMy Play activity redeemOffers Play Pass settingsSettings Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Games Apps Movies & TV Books Kids Fit Body Check In - Canada EGYM Inc 4.8star 120 reviews 5K+ Downloads Everyone info Install Share Add to wishlist About this app arrow_forward The Fit Body Check In - Canada app provides class schedules, social media platforms, fitness goals, and in-club challenges. Our app will also allow you to link many of the popular fitness tracking devices and fitness apps on the market. Have a comment or question? Email our team directly at digitalsupport@egym.com. Updated on Apr 26, 2023 Health & Fitness Data safety arrow_forward Safety starts with understanding how developers collect and share your data. Data privacy and security practices may vary based on your use, region, and age. The developer provided this information and may update it over time. This app may share these data types with third parties Personal info, Health and fitness and 2 others This app may collect these data types Location, Personal info and 6 others Data is encrypted in transit Data can’t be deleted See details Ratings and reviews Ratings and reviews are verifiedinfo_outline arrow_forward Ratings and reviews are verifiedinfo_outline phone_androidPhone 4.8 119 reviews 5 4 3 2 1 Lou Forsey more_vert Flag inappropriate June 12, 2023 I like to pre book my workouts but it sometimes doesn't let me and I have to get my gym to fix it for me. I'd like to book a full month at a time but I understand it is based on the weekly payments. Overall it's a good booking app. Did you find this helpful? Yes No A Google user more_vert Flag inappropriate May 19, 2019 Fantastic App for a fantastic program. The App is super easy to navigate... and very reliable. I love the option of adding the classes to your calendar. i also love that if you are wsitlisted and someone cancels you are added to the class if you are next in line 1 person found this review helpful Did you find this helpful? Yes No A Google user more_vert Flag inappropriate Show review history February 29, 2020 Two things I like about this app: I can see what time classes are being held plus any additional classes or activities that the club schedules besides workouts, and when I schedule myself in advance it keeps me accountable so that I go to the class because I've already committed myself to it. Great app! 2 people found this review helpful Did you find this helpful? Yes No See all reviews What's new The app keeps getting better and better! This version includes enhanced features and bug fixes to ensure a smoother experience. flagFlag as inappropriate App support expand_more public Website email Support email digitalsupport@egym.com place Address 2530 Frontier ave Boulder, Co 80301 shield Privacy Policy More by EGYM Inc arrow_forward Fitness World Canada EGYM Inc 3.7star Motion Fitness EGYM Inc 4.5star Gold's Gym BC EGYM Inc 4.2star MaxiClub EGYM Inc 4.8star EGYM Fitness EGYM Inc Centre Multisports Workouts EGYM Inc Similar apps arrow_forward MyARC Fitness The MyARC Team Emily Skye FIT Emily Skye FIT 4.9star ZWILLING ZWILLING J.A. Henckels AG 4.3star flagFlag as inappropriate Google Play Play Pass Play Points Gift cards Redeem Refund policy Kids & family Parent Guide Family sharing Terms of Service Privacy About Google Play Developers Google Store Canada (English)
