https://fitnessworld.ca/faqs/
Fitness World: Gym FAQs about Membership, Exercise Classes, Personal Training, etc. Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Join Now Free 3-day pass Member Login Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Member Login Join Now FAQ How can we help you? You can also browse the topics below to find what you’re looking for MEMBERSHIPS How much does a membership cost? A little goes a long way at Fitness World, and our memberships start at just $9.99 bi-weekly. Pretty awesome, right? It gets even better. We’ve included a free personal training session to get you started! Click here to join today. How can I try a location for free? We offer a Free 3-Day Gym Pass for non-members who would like to try out our facilities. The Free 3-Day Pass is valid for all club locations and is available for 3 consecutive days, starting once activated in-club. Our Free 3-Day Pass is only valid once in a 6-month period. However, feel free to reach out to your preferred club to see what options are available to you. Additional terms and conditions apply. Ask one of our team members for more details. Sign up for your Free 3 Day Pass! Can I buy a day pass? Yes! If you’re just passing through, this might be the right answer for you. Gym day passes cost $10, or $20 for our South Surrey Signature Club. How can I pay for my gym membership? Choose the option that works best for your goals. whether that’s a 12-month commitment or month-to-month with no contract required. All payments are set up on a bi-weekly schedule and can be made via Chequing Account, Visa or Master Card credit card. How old do I have to be to use your clubs? Our clubs welcome members as young as 16 years old, or 12 years under certain circumstances, at select clubs. All members 18 years or younger require a parent or legal guardian to co-sign for memberships. For more details, contact your preferred club. I’m new to the gym, will you show me how to use the equipment? Yes! We’re excited to help you make the most of our clubs, so we offer all of our new members a Free Goal Session with one of our talented Personal Trainers. During your free session, you’ll get a one-on-one gym orientation, and talk to an expert to learn the fastest, safest way to achieve your health and fitness goals. Do you provide nutritional advice? Yes! Our Personal Trainers are all dotFit certified and can help set you up with a plan for nutritional success. Contact your preferred club to find out more about our nutritional services. Do you offer Child-Minding? Yes! We know taking care of your little one's is a full-time job, and trying to get in your workout session can seem next to impossible. That's why we offer unlimited Child Minding to all Goal members! *Child minding is available at the following locations: Surrey, Langley, Suter Brook, Nanaimo, Victoria and South Surrey Signature. *Unlimited Child Minding for 1 child. $9.99 bi-weekly for additional children. Do I have to book my workout online ahead of time? At this time, pre-booking for workouts is not required. We do still require online booking to participate in Classes and THE WORX Small Group Training. Can I bring a friend? Absolutely! Members are encouraged to bring their friends and family for a workout. Your guest is able to visit the club once every 6 months, however you are welcome to bring as many different guests as you like. Looking for more guest privileges? Sign up with a Goal Membership for unlimited guest privileges! We ask just a few things of you and your guest. You must be present while your guest visits our gym, and they must register at the front desk with a valid picture ID, and complete a release. Guests must be 18 years of age or older, unless they are your legal dependent. In that case, they can visit from age 16. Can I add friends or family members to my gym membership? While we do not offer add-ons for family members, we’re happy to walk you and your favourite people through our gym membership options! Get them started for free by giving them a Free Week through the FW Mobile App! Account I got charged an Annual Enhancement Fee, what’s that? The Annual Enhancement Fee is an industry-standard fee to enhance our members’ experience in our facilities. The AEF funds facility upgrades, services and programs for our members. How do I update info on my account? To update your contact information, drop by or call your preferred club location and connect with one of our team members. How do I update my payment method? To update your pre-authorized payment method* on your account, please visit or call your preferred club location and connect with one of our team members. *Please note 30 days notice is required How do I cancel my membership? Please contact your preferred club location for more information. How do I freeze my membership? Please contact your preferred club location for assistance. How do I upgrade my gym membership? If you’d like to upgrade your membership level, please contact your preferred club location. We can’t wait to see more of you! I forgot my password for the Fitness World Mobile App Please select “Log In With Your xID” and then select “Forgot your Passcode?” Enter your email or xID when prompted, and an email will be sent to you with a new passcode. Easy-peasy. You’re back in and ready to work out. I forgot my xID for the App No worries – your xID is likely to be your phone number. Please try logging in with your phone number and a 4-digit passcode. No luck? Head to “Forgot your passcode?” and enter your email address. If you have an account created you will receive an email with your xID and a new passcode to log in. I signed up for a gym membership, but my login is not working for the app. If this is your first time accessing this app, please select “Login” -> “Create Account” and enter your info. You’ll be good to go for next time! I forgot my login info for the App, and I can’t be found in the system. What now? If you are trying to create an account and you received a message that says “We could not locate you in the system,” try out the following to get back in: •Make sure to use the email address that is listed on your membership account. These must match to use your account on the App. •You may have entered the wrong barcode or home club during the registration process. Visit the club you originally signed up at to get this sorted out. •It may be your key tag number. Ask one of our team members to double-check that your info matches up. GYM ETIQUETTE Where can I store my gym bag during workouts? All clubs have lockers available for day use. Please ensure you bring a lock with you so you can safely store your belongings while you workout! Bags on the gym floor are prohibited due to safety reasons. Personal items can not be stored in our gym lockers overnight, so please make sure you take all your belongings with you after your workout. Fitness World is not responsible for lost and stolen items, so please do not leave any valuables in the lockers. Is there a dress code? For safety and hygiene purposes, we ask our members to wear clean, appropriate athletic clothing and footwear on the gym floor. We do not allow denim, cut-off shorts, clothing with offensive slogans, sandals or swimsuits. We also ask members to avoid wearing strong scented sprays/lotions while working out. Can I take photos and videos in the gym? Taking photos or videos in public areas of Fitness World Canada clubs is permitted for personal use only. Personal photography and videography is limited to pictures and videos of yourself. Photography and videography is not allowed in any locker room, rest room, sauna, steam room or child minding areas and must not be disruptive to others. The privacy and comfort of all members will be the priority in any conflict arising under this policy, and Fitness World reserves the right to ask you to remove any photo or video taken in a Fitness World club. This privilege may be revoked at any time and for any reason at the sole discretion of Fitness World team members. You may not take photos or videos in Fitness World Canada clubs for professional or commercial purposes without explicit written consent from a Fitness World team member. Professional and commercial purposes include, without limitation, any photography or videography that is taken for personal profit, professional gain, or any other commercial purpose to promote your outside business or any third party’s business, products or service. TRAIN by FW What is TRAIN by FW? TRAIN by FW is an exclusive studio concept from Fitness World. Fitness World GOAL members get unlimited access to TRAIN by FW studios. These 2,000 square foot micro-gyms are perfect for functional fitness training, plus members get access to unlimited small group training! TRAIN by FW also offers local independent personal trainers rental space to train their clients and grow their business. Do Fitness World members have access to TRAIN by FW? TRAIN by FW is exclusively available to Fitness World GOAL members. GOAL memberships can be purchased online, in-club at a Fitness World location, or onsite at TRAIN by FW using the self-serve kiosk. What are classes like at TRAIN by FW? TRAIN by FW members get unlimited access to THE WORX, our small group training program where we focus on a variety of strength-based exercises in a circuit style. You are guaranteed to get your heart pumping and muscles burning! Does TRAIN by FW have child minding? TRAIN by FW's small studio space does not offer child minding onsite. Your GOAL membership does include child minding at select Fitness World locations. Can I bring a friend for free with me? As TRAIN by FW is a micro-gym, guest privileges are not available. Your GOAL membership does include guest privileges which can be used at a Fitness World location. FW ONLINE What is FW Online? FW Online is Fitness World’s virtual fitness solution, making our Classes and Personal Trainers accessible anytime, anywhere. Get access to hundreds of on-demand classes from celebrity instructors all over the world, plus familiar favourites from FW Instructors! Personal Training clients get access to customized workouts, workout tracking, and one-to-one communication with their Trainer. Do you offer Online Fitness Classes? Yes! FW Online Classes is an online platform that offers hundreds of on-demand fitness classes from both your favourite FW instructors, and experts worldwide. How do I access FW Online Classes? FW Online Classes is accessible to Fit & Goal members through the FW Mobile App. Simply tap the “Online Classes” tile, and it will take you to the platform. FW Online Classes requires a one-time login using your Online Member Account username and password. This is the same login as is used to book in-person Classes. PERSONAL TRAINING I’m interested in Personal Training, can I try it out for free? Yes! We offer all new Personal Training clients a Free Goal Session, where you can spend 50 minutes one-on-one with a Personal Trainer. Together, you’ll review your goals, and determine the best plan of action to achieve them. Your Personal Trainer will do a short assessment to see where you’re at, take you through a few exercise samples, and then discuss your options. Sign up for the Free Goal Session! Do I have to be a member to purchase Personal Training? Yes. Our talented Personal Trainers are in high demand, so sessions are only available to members, so they can access the one-on-one guidance they need. We’ve got plenty of super affordable memberships that make signing up a great opportunity. Contact your preferred club to get started on your fitness journey and get in touch with a Personal Trainer. How do I choose a Personal Trainer? We want you to find the best Personal Trainer for your goals. Our Assistant Fitness Managers at each club location will be happy to help you find a Personal Trainer who suits your goals and will become your biggest cheerleader throughout your fitness journey. How long do I have to use my Personal Training sessions? All Personal Training sessions must be used within six months of the date of purchase. The sooner you meet your trainer, the closer you get to your goals! What do I do if I am unable to make my scheduled Personal Training session? If you can’t make a session, just let us know at least 24 hours before it’s due to start, to avoid being charged. If you don’t show, arrive more than 15 minutes late, or cancel less than 24 hours ahead of time, you will be charged, so keep our number on your phone just in case. CLASSES Do you offer group fitness classes? Yes! We have so much fun working out together, and offer tons of classes weekly at all of our locations, including Zumba, Yoga, Tabata, Dance, Step, and more! Check out our updated class schedules here How do I get access to Classes? Join with a Fit or Goal membership, and classes are included! Get in touch with a team member at your preferred club to chat about which membership level is right for you. I’ve never taken a class before, what should I expect? Every class format offers a different experience, but our classes are designed for all fitness levels. We suggest bringing a water bottle and towel with you to class. Feel free to let the Instructor know it’s your first time so they can help you feel welcome and confident. Don’t sweat until you get here! Do I have to book a Class ahead of time? Yes, pre-booking for Classes is available through the Online Booking System. To access this system, click on Member Login on our website homepage, or head to the FW Mobile App and click on My Account You do not need to book a regular workout time as well. Your Class booking is all you need. How do I book a Class online? All members are given access to an Online Member Account. Once logged in, click Reserve Your Workout Time, and follow the steps to reserve. It may ask you for a payment method, simply select “Group Studio Classes” to continue. Group Studio Class credits are included in all memberships with Classes access. How far in advance can I book a Class? Classes can be booked up to 3 days in advance and are currently limited to a max of 1 per day. How do I cancel my Class booking? Sometimes your schedule changes, we get it! If you need to cancel a Class booking, please do so through your Online Member Account to allow someone else to participate! You may cancel online up to 24 hours before your Class time. Within 24 hours of your Class, you can cancel by contacting your club. SMALL GROUP TRAINING Do you offer Small Group Training? Yes! Check out THE WORX Small Group Training, which is now available for Goal members. What is the difference between THE WORX and Classes? THE WORX is based on circuit-style training and functional fitness and makes use of our equipment found in the gym. Group size is smaller, and an expert leader will guide you through all the exercises and motivate you to work harder! THE WORX is available to members with a Goal Membership. Classes are held in the Studio and include Zumba, Yoga, Tabata and more. Classes are available with Fit and Goal Memberships and offer a fun, exciting environment to work out. COVID-19 What steps are you taking in the clubs to keep members safe? Fitness World’s top priority remains providing a clean and safe workout environment for you to achieve your fitness goals. Read more about our Commitment to Clean here. Am I required to show proof of vaccination to workout in the gyms? By public order of the Public Health Officer, proof of vaccination is required in BC as of September 13, 2021, with full vaccination required as of October 24, 2021. Fitness World will conduct a one-time check to confirm your vaccination status. I still don’t feel comfortable returning to the gym, what are my options? If you’re not quite ready to return to the gym, you may freeze your membership for up to three months at the cost of 50% of your current monthly membership dues. If you need to put your membership on hold for a medical reason, please contact your preferred location for more information. We’ll be ready to welcome you back as soon as you’re ready. Are all club amenities available? We are continuously updating facilities based on direction from BC Health Authorities. Please make sure you’re on our email list for all the latest club updates. You can also follow us on Instagram, @fitnessworldcanada, to keep in touch! Join Now Free 3-day Pass Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to Clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Let's connect Download the app Copyright © 2023 Fitness World Canada. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Whoops! Please enter a valid email address. Got it
