https://www.fitnessworld.ca/rewards/
Fitness World Rewards: Join Our Gym Loyalty Program Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Join Now Free 3-day pass Member Login Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Member Login Join Now Fitness World Rewards - Get moving, get rewarded! Start earning points now through the FW Mobile App GET THE APP MOVE. SWEAT. EARN POINTS. REPEAT! FW Members earn points for every workout, every referral and more. Points are automatically applied via the FW Mobile App, and can be redeemed for awesome gym membership rewards including personal training sessions, 1-month upgrades as well as partner discounts on Hyperice, free FW Merch, and more! GET THE APP START EARNING TODAY! download the fw mobile app and use your barcode number to log in Start sweating and earning points! CASH IN YOUR FITNESS WORLD POINTS FOR SWEET REWARDS Download the FW Mobile App Becoming a FW member means you get access to exclusive perks, fun fitness challenges, and Fitness World Rewards now available through the FW Mobile App. The app is a great place to go for all members looking for ways to get motivated, get moving, and level up their work outs with offers on supplements, equipment and more. DOWNLOAD THE APP FEATURED FITNESS WORLD REWARDS 20% Off Hyperice Restore sore muscles, improve circulation, and activate your body pre-workout with the Hypervolt 2.0 Pro Percussion Massager by Hyperice. Available for purchase in-club, redeem 400 pts to receive 20% off! 1-Month Upgrade to FIT Access Fitness Classes, 24/7 On-Demand Online Classes, Recovery Tools, Tanning and more with a 1-month upgrade to our mid-level FIT membership! Plus, get access to 15 Fitness World locations! FAQ: FW REWARDS Everything you need to know about FW Rewards How does FW Rewards work? FW Rewards is a points-based program where members can earn points by checking-in, referring friends and more! Members can redeem their points for awesome prizes, including 1-month upgrades, FW merchandise, and personal training sessions, among other things. How can I join FW Rewards? The FW Rewards Program lives in the FW Mobile App and is available to all active FW members. To join, all you have to do is download the app, create an account and start checking into the club via the app barcode to collect points! How do I collect points? You can collect points by taking various actions, like installing the FW Mobile App, updating profile information, referring a friend, or checking into the club via the apps barcode. Plus, get a birthday bonus! How can I update my profile information in the FW Mobile App? It can be done with a few steps! Open the FW Mobile App, click on your profile icon and select App Profile to make any updates. How do I refer a friend to earn points? In the FW Mobile App, click on Refer a Friend, then use the "Add Friends" to share a free week with a buddy from your contact list! I referred a friend in-club, not using the FW Mobile App. Will I get referral points? To be eligible for referral points, the referral must be made through the FW Mobile App by clicking Refer a Friend and using the "Add Friends" button. Do I have to use the app to earn points when checking-in to the club? Yes, in order to collect points by checking into the club, you must use the barcode feature inside the FW Mobile App, or the associated Apple Wallet or Apple Watch features. How are points calculated? The points are automatically calculated and applied in the FW Mobile App based on actions you have completed, such as installing the app, updating profile information, checking into the club via the apps barcode, or referring a friend. How do I check my total points? Your total points collected are displayed in the FW Mobile App in the Rewards Tab. I have checked into the club multiple times but my total points did not update, what should I do? To start accumulating points, you must tap the Rewards widget in the FW Mobile App and follow the prompts! Ensure you have Location Services turned on and set to "While Using App". I referred a friend but my total points did not update, what should I do? It can take up to 48 hours for some points to be applied. After taking any eligible action, we recommend waiting 2 days for points to be applied. In case the total points does not update after 2 days, please email digitalsupport@egym.com How can I use my points to get prizes? When you have enough points to redeem a prize, click on the claim reward button. This will save your prize under My Rewards. When you are ready to collect your chosen prize, click on the redeem button and show the screen to any FW Staff at the front desk to collect your prize! Do my points expire? No, your points never expire! As long as you are an FW member, your points will accumulate until you decide to redeem a prize! Can I lose my earned points? In some circumstances, Fitness World reserves the right to revoke points from members not in good standing or in violation of their membership agreement. Join Now Free 3-day Pass Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to Clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Let's connect Download the app Copyright © 2023 Fitness World Canada. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Whoops! Please enter a valid email address. Got it
