https://support.google.com/googleplay/?p=report_content
Flag an app or review on Google Play - Android - Google Play Help Skip to main content Google Play Help Sign in Google Help Help Center Community Google Play Privacy Policy Google Play Terms of Service Submit feedback Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Next Help Center Community Flag an app or review on Google Play If you find an issue with an app or review on Google Play, you can flag it to our team with the options below. We take your feedback seriously, and we appreciate your help in improving the Google Play experience. Provide feedback about an app You can flag an app on Google Play if you find an issue. Please read the options below to understand the types of issues we review. Flag an app on Google Play If you’re unhappy with an app you’ve found on Google Play, you can flag it. Flag an app Open the Google Play App . Go to the detail page for an app or game. Tap More Flag as inappropriate. Choose a reason. Tap Submit. Tip: To provide feedback about the app to other users, you can leave a public review on Google Play. Learn more about reviews. Report an app violating Google Play Developer Policy If you think an app violates one of our Developer Program Policies, you can report it. Report an app for illegal content If you think an app violates your rights or applicable laws, you can report it. Provide feedback about a review You can provide feedback about a comment or review left by another Google Play user. Please read about the feedback options below. Flag a comment or review Open the Google Play app . Locate the comment or review you'd like to flag. Tap More Flag as inappropriate. Tip: We may not send you an individual response, but we may still use your feedback to improve the Google Play experience. Report developer comments Developers can publicly reply to comments or reviews. Follow these steps if you think that you've received a reply that doesn't follow the Developer Comment Posting Policy: In the email you received with the developer response, click Report developer reply. Fill out this form. Be sure to include the direct link to the relevant developer comment, the developer’s name, and a brief summary. Android Computer More Need more help? Try these next steps: Post to the help community Get answers from community members Contact us Tell us more and we’ll help you get there true User policies for apps & digital content 1 of 6 Learn about refunds on Google Play 2 of 6 Comment posting policy 3 of 6 Flag an app or review on Google Play 4 of 6 App removed from Google Play Store 5 of 6 Consumer information for French users 6 of 6 Understand app privacy & security practices with Google Play's Data safety section Afrikaans‎dansk‎Deutsch‎eesti‎English (United Kingdom)‎español‎español (Latinoamérica)‎Filipino‎français‎français (Canada)‎Gaeilge‎hrvatski‎Indonesia‎italiano‎latviešu‎lietuvių‎magyar‎Malti‎Melayu‎Nederlands‎norsk‎polski‎português‎português (Brasil)‎română‎slovenčina‎slovenščina‎suomi‎svenska‎Tiếng Việt‎Türkçe‎íslenska‎čeština‎Ελληνικά‎български‎русский‎српски‎українська‎‏עברית‏العربية‏فارسیमराठी‎हिन्दी‎বাংলা‎ગુજરાતી‎தமிழ்‎తెలుగు‎ಕನ್ನಡ‎ไทย‎中文（简体）‎中文（繁體）‎中文（香港）‎日本語‎한국어‎ English‎ Enable Dark Mode Search Clear search Close search Main menu 6450232331958449826 true Search Help Center true true true true true 84680 false false
