https://www.fitnessworld.ca/blog/gym-memberships-with-childminding-for-parents/
Gym Memberships with Childminding for Parents - Fitness World Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Join Now Free 3-day pass Member Login Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Member Login Join Now Gym Memberships with Childminding for Parents November 9, 2023 Written by Fitness World Gym Memberships for Parents: What to Look for Parenthood, in all its magical fulfillment, is not easy – we know this. While all parents are superheroes, there are times when it can feel almost impossible to balance raising good, strong, confident kids with finding the much-needed time for yourself and your health. If, recently, you’ve been wanting to focus on self-care and find a workout and nutrition plan that works for your busy lifestyle, don’t worry! We’ve got you covered. At Fitness World, we make it our mission to curate flexible, all-encompassing gym membership options for even the busiest individuals (we’re looking at you, parents.) And in this blog, we’re discussing just that – what parents should be looking for in their gym memberships and a few, key tips and tricks that will help you reach your fitness goals as a parent. Four Factors to Look for in a Gym as a Parent The first and most important step in starting your health journey is to find the right gym. A gym is the perfect place to explore new equipment, access fun fitness amenities like group fitness classes and post-workout treatments, and on top of that feel like you’re a part of a community with the same goal in mind. Here are a few factors to consider when looking for a new gym as a parent. Location Choose a gym close to your home or workplace. This will make it convenient to fit workouts into your daily routine and keep you motivated throughout the week. Childminding Services Many gyms offer childcare services while you work out, which is a great way to ensure you don’t have to give up childcare for a workout. Check if your chosen gym has a safe and supervised play area for your kids. Flexible Membership Options The ideal gym will have a few different membership options that provide you with the amenities you want at a price that fits your budget. Fitness Amenities Look for gyms with facilities that suit your needs, whether it’s a well-equipped gym floor, group fitness classes, online training or recovery tools. How to Reach Your Fitness Goals as a Parent While it may take a bit more creativity in your busy life, having a complete fitness routine is not impossible as a parent! Actually, it’s super achievable and fun, which is why we’ve put together a list of our favourite fitness hacks for parents looking to revamp their health journey. Here are ways you can achieve your fitness goals on an inconsistent or busy schedule. Schedule Workouts in Advance – Plan your workouts ahead of time, and integrate them into your daily schedule. This can be before work, during lunch breaks, or after the kids are in bed. Balance Your Available Time – Time can be a precious commodity for parents. Effectively utilizing your available time is key to making the most of your fitness goals. Try High-Intensity Interval Training (HIIT) – HIIT workouts are efficient and effective, allowing you to get a great workout in a short amount of time. Incorporate Weekend Workouts – Weekends may offer more flexibility, so use this time for longer gym sessions if needed. Meal Prep, Meal Prep, Meal Prep – To save time, prepare healthy meals in advance to avoid last-minute cooking and have more time for the gym or online workouts. Best #FitnessExercises for Parents We’re here to flip the narrative on parenthood and working out. While, yes, it will take a bit more time and patience to find a schedule that works for you, parenthood is the best time to start or get back into a workout routine because of the many benefits it provides! Parents who incorporate workouts are stronger, mentally clearer, and less anxious. Having a workout routine also means valuable time for yourself that you can cherish. You don’t have to listen to Bluey blasting in the background and you won’t be asked if they can have another snack. Your time is entirely your own to catch up on new music, listen to a podcast, or simply enjoy a moment of peace and quiet during a stretch routine. Here are a few of our favourite #fitnessexercises for parents! Walking One of the simplest and best forms of exercise is walking. That’s right! Whether it’s pushing your baby in a stroller or listening to a half-hour podcast on treadmill, walking is an excellent way to get moving. Aim for at least 30 minutes a day to boost cardiovascular health, balance out your mood, and revitalize the energy you may have thought you lost post-kiddos! (It’s still there, we promise!) Yoga Yoga is a perfect exercise for parents who want to combine exercise with relaxation. Not only does it help improve flexibility and reduce stress, but it also helps to enhance mindfulness. Resistance Training Incorporating resistance training into your routine can help you build and maintain muscle strength, which is crucial for everyday tasks as a parent. You can use resistance bands, dumbbells, or even your body weight to perform exercises like squats, lunges, and push-ups. Aim to work all major muscle groups at least twice a week. Start Your Fitness Journey at Fitness World Gym memberships for parents are more than just a place to work out; they can provide a sanctuary for self-care and well-being amidst the whirlwind of family life. By choosing the right gym, effectively balancing your free time, and involving your children in your fitness journey, you can create a harmonious balance between your role as a parent and your personal health goals. Start your fitness journey today at Fitness World or take a weekend trial run with our free 3-day pass! Join Now Free 3-day Pass Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to Clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Let's connect Download the app Copyright © 2023 Fitness World Canada. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Whoops! Please enter a valid email address. Got it
