https://www.fitnessworld.ca/blog/how-to-get-vitamin-d-during-the-winter/
How to Get Vitamin D During the Winter And Feel Sunny Year-Round! - Fitness World Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Join Now Free 3-day pass Member Login Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Member Login Join Now How to Get Vitamin D During the Winter And Feel Sunny Year-Round! November 17, 2021 Written by Diane Haro There’s nothing quite like a Canadian winter! Ice skating, skiing, snowboarding—the winter sport activities are endless. While winter is amazing, we can tend to feel a bit more sluggish, fatigued, and emotional around this time of year. And no, we’re not talking about how you felt after you finished the 3rd season of “You”. We’re talking about a serious hormonal mood change that happens to around 41.6% of adults during the year—and more during winter. It’s vitamin D deficiency. This vitamin (or lack thereof) can cause a host of issues in your body that often look like symptoms of other illness. Because most of our vitamin D is consumed through sunlight, during the winter months, we often fall prey to anything from muscle weakness and mood changes to more serious symptoms like brittle bones and heart disease. Staying in touch with your body during the winter months will often take a little more effort, but it’s well worth it. Join a gym and move your body, stay hydrated, and get vitamin D. What is Vitamin D? Vitamin D is an essential nutrient that our bodies and mind need to stay healthy. Vitamin D offers plenty of health benefits, including: Bone strength Calcium absorption Thyroid health Nervous system health Immune system health Older adults and those who suffer from obesity are more likely to be impacted by vitamin D deficiency. To stay on top of your fitness and get nutritional help, we recommend booking a free goal session with one of our certified personal trainers. They’ll work with you to build a custom fitness and food plan that works for you. What are the Symptoms of Vitamin D Deficiency? Vitamin D deficiencies go largely unnoticed as they often look like other illnesses, including: the flu, sore muscles/ muscle aches, or simple fatigue. Other vitamin D deficiency symptoms can include: Respiratory infections Chronic fatigue Back pain Depression Wounds that won’t heal Hair loss Weight gain Anxiety While we’re the experts in helping you transform your fitness, we recommend speaking to your health care physician for any serious questions about vitamin D deficiencies or your specific symptoms. Meanwhile, join exercise classes to boost your mood this winter with endorphin-releasing exercise. How to Get Vitamin D During the Winter? During the winter, it can be a lot more difficult for your body to create vitamin D as there’s a significant reduction in sunlight. To combat this, you can make sure you get enough vitamin D through food and supplements. Let’s look at three ways you can get vitamin D in the winter. Foods Rich in Vitamin D A few foods that are rich in vitamin D, include: Fatty fish Egg yolks Fortified cereals Milk and juice with added vitamin D Yogurt Beef liver Create a nutritional plan tailored to you with one of our certified Personal Trainers. Vitamin D Supplements Join us today to build a strong body and a positive attitude! If none of those foods jive with you, you can also take vitamin D in supplement form! Before overpaying for supplements at your local pharmacy, remember that dotFIT offers 30% off to Fitness World members! If you’re unsure about over-the-counter supplements, however, speak to your health care physician about vitamin D injections. Get Outside Last, but certainly not least is getting outside. While winter may not inspire frolicking through meadows, you can still get a good amount of vitamin D in 15-20-minute increments outside. Wear a coat, but be one with nature! Start Your Winter Glow Up at Fitness World! Begin everyday with purpose and ambition. We know how hard this can be during winter, but we’re here for you! Fitness World offers a variety of different workout equipment, classes, and instructors that canup your fitness routine and take you to the next level! If you’re curious but not quite ready, get a free trial pass and see what the fun is all about! Contact us today for any questions or to begin your fitness journey. Join Now Free 3-day Pass Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to Clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Let's connect Download the app Copyright © 2023 Fitness World Canada. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Whoops! Please enter a valid email address. Got it
