https://www.fitnessworld.ca/blog/how-to-get-more-protein-in-your-diet/
How to Get More Protein in Your Diet | For Non-Veggies, Vegetarians, and Vegans! - Fitness World Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Join Now Free 3-day pass Member Login Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Member Login Join Now How to Get More Protein in Your Diet | For Non-Veggies, Vegetarians, and Vegans! December 14, 2021 Written by Diane Haro Let’s talk about protein, ba-by! Contrary to popular belief, getting more protein does not mean you have to eat unseasoned chicken breasts 5x a day in order to get them gains. Protein can be found in a wide variety of sources – both vegetarian and non-vegetarian, and is essential for much more than muscle growth. Fatigue, hair loss, and constant hunger are only a few of the many symptoms that can arise from a diet lacking in protein, so If this sounds like you, it might be time to up your protein game! Don’t worry, though! We’re not here to recommend plain quinoa or unseasoned chicken. Read on to learn how you can add delicious protein-rich supplements like birthday cake protein (completely vegan!) and get your daily protein intake. It’s that simple! Why is Protein Important? Before we get to those delicious protein balls, we want to first look at protein and why it’s so important for a healthy diet. So, what exactly is protein? Protein is a macronutrient that’s made up of amino acids which work as building blocks for the body – including bones, muscles, skin, and cartilage. Without an adequate amount of protein, tissue repair, oxygen supply, digestion, and hormone regulation are negatively impacted and can lead to a host of issues. Protein is also satiating, meaning it makes you feel full for longer! Think Sunday roast or tofu stir-fry – there’s a reason you’re always incredibly full after. Let’s take a look at great, protein-rich sources you can add to your diet today! Foods High in Protein While we’re coming off as chicken haters, trust us, we’re actually not! Chicken is one of the best sources of protein you can get, but it’s important to remember, it’s not the only source. When it comes to protein, the world is your oyster (also, another great protein source!) Meat, Fish & Dairy Sources If you’re a meat, fish, or dairy lover, your protein options are aplenty! Our favourite protein sources, include: Meat & Fish Turkey Breast – 23 (g) protein per .08kg Tuna – 23 (g) protein per .08kg 90% Lean Ground Beef – 22 (g) protein per .08kg Pork Chop – 18 (g) protein per .08kg Dairy & Eggs Cheddar Cheese – 15 (g) protein per 64g Cottage Cheese – 12 (g) protein per .11kg Nonfat Yogurt – 10 (g) protein per 128g Egg – 6 (g) protein per 1 large egg Vegetarian Sources For decades, vegetarians and vegans were told they couldn’t possibly get enough protein on their diet. But research shows, that’s actually not true! Veggie lovers have so many protein options, including: Tofu – 22 (g) protein per .11kg Peanuts – 18 (g) protein per 64g Black Beans – 15 (g) protein per 128g Almonds – 14 (g) protein per 64g Soy Milk – 6 (g) protein per 128g Supplements If you’re looking to add an extra boost of protein to your diet that is both easier to prepare (you’re busy, we’re busy, we get it!) and comes in fun flavors, we definitely recommend incorporating supplements. A great way to supplement protein is with protein powders and protein bars. Protein Powders For protein powders, we love both whey protein and vegan protein (pea and soy) powders. Your average protein shake will typically provide around 20 grams of protein making it a great option for in between meals and after a workout! Protein Bars If you’re a dessert lover, protein bars are going to be your new best friend! An average protein bar will provide around 15 grams of protein and come in a variety of flavors, including chocolate, peanut butter, vanilla, and lemon. FW Tip! Warm up your protein bar in the microwave for 10 seconds and add ice cream, peanut butter, or fruit on top. Fitness World members, access your discount on dotFIT’s entire selection of supplement formulas through our Fitness World App! Fun (Deprivation-Free) Protein-Rich Ideas! It’s 2021, and much like Arnie’s acting career, plain chicken and rice is a thing of the past. You can now have your Birthday Cake Protein Ball and eat it, too! Here are our favourite simple, easy-to-make recipe ideas using dotFIT protein that with help to add extra protein into your day! Birthday Cake Protein Balls Maple Protein Pancakes Protein Pizza Crust Proatmeal (Protein Oatmeal) At-home Protein “Frappuccino” Protein Scrambles Eggs﻿ If you create one of our protein recipe ideas, take a picture and tag @FitnessWorldCanada on Instagram or Facebook! Let Fitness World Be a Part of Your Journey! A healthy, protein-rich diet is an essential part of creating a healthy lifestyle. At Fitness World, we want to help you achieve the other important part: fitness! With our 15 club locations, supportive team of fitness experts, and extensive selection of fun classes, you’re sure to find a workout that you love and fits your lifestyle. Join today or Get a free trial pass to dip your toes in to see all we have to offer! Join Now Free 3-day Pass Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to Clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Let's connect Download the app Copyright © 2023 Fitness World Canada. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Whoops! Please enter a valid email address. Got it
