https://416fitnessclub.com/how-do-i-get-a-6-pack-fast/
How Do I Get A 6-Pack, Fast? - 416 Fitness Club Skip to content We are delivering our fitness and nutrition coaching online to stop the spread of COVID-19. Learn More More Info Schedule Pricing Drop In Programs Group Training Personal Training Nutrition Online Training Blog Free Intro Menu More Info Schedule Pricing Drop In Programs Group Training Personal Training Nutrition Online Training Blog Free Intro HERE'S WHAT'S HAPPENING IN OUR COMMUNITY! How Do I Get A 6-Pack, Fast? January 23, 2023 So the “dad bod” is all the rage right now. But I have a sneaking suspicion that most men(and women) would rather have a 6-pack. But where do we start? Well there is no magic pill, and just like major accomplishments that you work for in life, it will require dedication, and consistency. However, If you really set your mind to it, a 6-Pack could appear faster than you think. Here is the no “BS” way to get a six pack: Exercise 3-5 times per week – This includes, resistance training, and cardiovascular training. Maintaining muscle mass allows your body to burn more calories naturally throughout the day to aid in the decrease of body fat. Abs are muscles, and just like any other muscle if you work them they will grow and become more defined, but your body works as a unit so full body functional movements (squat, deadlift, pull-ups, presses, and rows) will have the greatest effect on your body composition. Sleep 7-8 hours per night– Recovery may be one of the most important factors to decreasing weight, especially around the mid section. When you’re sleep deprived your body is under a high stress state. This leads to increased levels of cortisol which is a known to be a major contributor to belly fat. Aim for 7-8 hours per day consistently to maximize the benefits. Eat real food and not too much– High Protein, low sugar diet with plenty of leafy greens to aid in digestion. Supplement with healthy fats. These are the easiest guidelines to live by from a nutrition standpoint. Over eating, binge eating, mindless eating, and eating processed food all play a role in belly fat – but if you have weight to lose in order gain a 6-pack, eating less calories than you burn is a requirement. Aim to eat 500 less calories per day than what you burn naturally and through exercise. Drink 3-4 L of water per day– Your body is mostly water, and the water you consume flushes away toxins and helps to improve the digestive system so that fats are removed from your body more efficiently. Drinking water can also act as an appetite depressant. *Next time you’re hungry, drink a large glass of water first to see if you can curb your appetite. Maintain low stress levels – As mentioned in “sleep”, stress causes your adrenal glands to secrete cortisol which can slow down your metabolism. But on top of that, high levels of stress can lead to less exercise, emotional eating, sugar cravings, and can also impair your sleep. Stress can be caused by many things. Be deliberate in combating stress through things like mediation, gratitude, yoga, and journaling. All of the above are important, and each can be effective on their own. But in reality, it is the combination of all of these things that will lead to positive change in your body composition. Building these habits will be a unique challenge for everyone. Whether your goal is a 6-pack, to run a marathon, or to just keep up with your kids, start by creating a plan and identifying the road blocks. We can help. Book a FREE INTRO TODAY! -Dan POPULAR POSTS How Do I Get A 6-Pack, Fast? A Time For Change What if I’m Not Ready to Come Back to the Gym? 416 Fitness Club – Our Vision, Focus, and Values 6-Week Quarantine Training Cycle Schedule Your Free Intro Talk with a coach about your goals, get the plan to achieve them. LET’S DO THIS CONTACT (416) 901-0416 info@416fitnessclub.com 390 Queens Quay West Unit 112 Toronto, ON M5V 3A6 Facebook-f Instagram Click here to schedule a Free Intro. During your intro, we'll make a plan to help you reach your goals. BOOK A FREE INTRO Schedule Pricing Terms & Conditions Hold Cancellation Privacy Schedule Pricing Terms & Conditions Hold Cancellation Privacy A Kilo website. All rights reserved fill out the form below to get started! Take the first step towards getting the results you want!
