https://www.apple.com/ca/ipad/
iPad - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ iPad Pro iPad Air iPad iPad mini Compare Apple Pencil New Keyboards Accessories iPadOS 17 Shop iPad iPad Get an Apple Gift Card for up to $140 when you buy an eligible iPad.◊ Offer ends tonight. Shop now iPad Pro Supercharged by M2 Buy Learn more iPad Lovable. Drawable. Magical. Buy Learn more Which iPad is right for you? Compare all iPad models Shop iPad iPad Pro The ultimate iPad experience with the most advanced technology. Buy Learn more View in AR 12.9″ or 11″ Liquid Retina XDR display or Liquid Retina display1 ProMotion technology P3 wide colour Antireflective coating M2 chip 12MP Ultra Wide front camera TrueDepth camera system 12MP Wide camera 10MP Ultra Wide camera 4K video, ProRes Face ID USB‑C connector with support for Thunderbolt/USB 4 5G cellular2 Supports Apple Pencil (2nd generation) Supports Apple Pencil (USB‑C) Supports Magic Keyboard iPad Air Serious performance in a thin and light design. Buy Learn more View in AR 10.9″ Liquid Retina display1 — P3 wide colour Antireflective coating M1 chip 12MP Ultra Wide front camera — 12MP Wide camera — 4K video Touch ID in top button USB‑C connector 5G cellular2 Supports Apple Pencil (2nd generation) Supports Apple Pencil (USB‑C) Supports Magic Keyboard iPad 10th generation The colourful, all‑screen iPad for the things you do every day. Buy Learn more View in AR 10.9″ Liquid Retina display1 — sRGB colour — A14 Bionic chip Landscape 12MP Ultra Wide front camera — 12MP Wide camera — 4K video Touch ID in top button USB‑C connector 5G cellular2 Supports Apple Pencil (USB‑C) Supports Apple Pencil (1st generation)3 Supports Magic Keyboard Folio iPad 9th generation All the essentials in the most affordable iPad. Buy Learn more View in AR 10.2″ Retina display — sRGB colour — A13 Bionic chip 12MP Ultra Wide front camera — 8MP Wide camera — 1080p video Touch ID in Home button Lightning connector 4G LTE cellular2 Supports Apple Pencil (1st generation) Supports Smart Keyboard iPad mini The full iPad experience designed to fit in one hand. Buy Learn more View in AR 8.3″ Liquid Retina display1 — P3 wide colour Antireflective coating A15 Bionic chip 12MP Ultra Wide front camera — 12MP Wide camera — 4K video Touch ID in top button USB‑C connector 5G cellular2 Supports Apple Pencil (2nd generation) Supports Apple Pencil (USB‑C) Supports Bluetooth keyboards Wonder awaits. Give the gifts they’ve been looking forward to all year. Shop Trade in your current iPad and get credit toward a new one. With Apple Trade In, just give us your eligible iPad and get credit for a new one. It’s good for you and the planet.4 Learn more Free delivery on everything Or pick up available items at an Apple Store. Learn more Financing Pay over time with monthly instalments. Financing details, including Quebec Personalize it Engrave your iPad with your name or a personal note — for free. Only at Apple. Learn more iPad essentials Apple Pencil Dream it up. Jot it down. Shop Learn more Keyboards for iPad Keyboards that have you covered. Shop Learn more Accessories Explore cases, covers, keyboards, Apple Pencil, AirPods and more. Shop iPad accessories What makes an iPad an iPad? Why iPad Yes, it does that. And then some. Learn more Final Cut Pro and Logic Pro for iPad Learn more about Final Cut Pro for iPad Learn more about Logic Pro for iPad Watch the film iPadOS 17 Even more capable. Even more you. Learn more iCloud The best place for all your photos, files and more. Learn more Apple Pay The safer way to make secure, contactless purchases in stores and online. Learn more Get more out of your iPad Apple One Bundle up to six Apple services. And enjoy more for less. Try it free5 Learn more Apple TV Plus Get 3 months of Apple TV+ free when you buy an iPad. Try it free6 Learn moreabout Apple TV Plus Apple Music Over 100 million songs. Start listening for free today. Try it free7 Learn more Apple Fitness Plus From HIIT to Meditation, there’s something for everyone. Try it free8 Learn more Apple Arcade Get 3 months of Apple Arcade free when you buy an iPad. Try it free9 Learn moreabout Apple Arcade Upgrade to start your free trial. Get the latest iOS Get the latest iPadOS Get the latest tvOS Get the latest macOS Apple News Plus Get 3 months of Apple News+ free when you buy an iPad.10 Learn moreabout Apple News Plus Apple Gift Card For everything and everyone. Learn moreabout Apple Gift Card Buy Apple and Education Empowering educators and students to move the world forward. Learn more Apple at Work Learn more Update to the latest version of iOS or macOS to start your Apple News+ free trial. Get the latest iOS Get the latest macOS Apple Footer ◊ Offer valid on qualifying purchases of eligible Apple products from November 24, 2023, to November 27, 2023, at a qualifying location. Offer subject to availability. Qualifying purchases can receive a discount equal to the value of the eligible Apple Gift Card off the price of the eligible product and will be charged for all items at checkout, including the Apple Gift Card. Customers purchasing eligible iPhones via carrier financing are eligible to receive an eligible Apple Gift Card. This offer cannot be combined with the Apple Employee Purchase Plan, or education or business loyalty pricing. Some methods of payment are not accepted under this offer. See checkout for details. Additional restrictions apply. View full terms and conditions of offer here. The displays have rounded corners. When measured diagonally as a rectangle, the iPad Pro 12.9‑inch screen is 12.9 inches, the iPad Pro 11‑inch screen is 11 inches, the iPad Air and iPad (10th generation) screens are 10.86 inches, and the iPad mini screen is 8.3 inches. Actual viewable area is less. Data plan required. 5G and LTE are available in select markets and through select carriers. Speeds are based on theoretical throughput and vary based on site conditions and carrier. For details on 5G and LTE support, contact your carrier and see apple.com/ca/ipad/cellular. USB‑C to Apple Pencil Adapter required to work with iPad (10th generation). Trade‑in values will vary based on the condition, year and configuration of your eligible trade‑in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least 18 years old to be eligible to trade in for credit or for an Apple Gift Card. Trade‑in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax will be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in‑store and online trade‑in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade‑in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade‑in partner for trade‑in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply. The Apple One free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. New and qualified returning subscribers only. $12.99/month after free trial. Only one offer per Apple ID and only one offer per family if you’re part of a Family Sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchase. This offer is not available if you or your family have previously accepted an Apple TV+ three months free or one year free offer. Offer good for three months after eligible device activation. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. New subscribers only. $10.99/month after free trial. No commitment. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Apple Fitness+ requires iPhone 8 or later, or Apple Watch Series 3 or later paired with iPhone 6s or later. New subscribers only. $12.99/month after trial. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Terms apply. New and qualified returning subscribers only. $8.99/month after free trial. Only one offer per Apple ID and only one offer per family if you’re part of a Family Sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchases. This offer is not available if you or your family have previously accepted an Apple Arcade three months free offer. Offer good for three months after eligible device activation. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. Offer available to new subscribers who purchase an eligible device on or after September 7, 2022. $16.99/month after trial. Only one offer per Apple ID and only one offer per family if you’re part of a Family Sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchases. Offer good for 3 months after eligible device activation, from December 12, 2022. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. Apple Fitness+ classes are taught in English with an option for subtitles in French, Spanish, German, Italian, Russian and Brazilian Portuguese. Accessories sold separately and subject to availability.  Apple iPad Shop and Learn Shop and Learn + Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet + Wallet Apple Pay Account Account + Manage Your Apple ID Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment + Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store + Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business + Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education + Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare + Apple in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone Apple Values Apple Values + Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supplier Responsibility About Apple About Apple + Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
