https://usekilo.com/customers/
Kilo & Gym Lead Machine Reviews - Kilo Skip to content About Products Gym Websites Gym Lead Machine The Kilo Stack Customers Blog Marketing Gym World Using Kilo Sales Book a Call Menu About Products Gym Websites Gym Lead Machine The Kilo Stack Customers Blog Marketing Gym World Using Kilo Sales Book a Call 1000+ gyms have trusted Kilo to grow their fitness business. We’re obsessed with making life easier for gym owners. Meet our customers. Book a call Explore Features Video Testimonials Stats Case Studies Client Websites Reviews Play Play Play Play Play Play Play Play Play Play Results that speak volumes Percentage based on last 3 months with previous providers vs first 3 months with Kilo 0 % more opt-ins 0 % more appointments 0 % more sales Success stories Fitness Lair Unity Learn more CrossFit Wooster Learn more Yellow Rose Fitness Learn more Vault Health & Fitness | Delhi Fitness Club Learn more Gym Websites Templated websites never looked so good. Book a call Words from friends "So happy to work with a team that can do all of the heavy lifting when I need help" BRENT FIKOWSKI “Kilo is the epitome of a well oiled machine. The Rock would be proud 🤙💪” ANDREW HILLER “They just do things the right way.” CHRIS COOPER KILO POWERS We asked our clients: what changed with Kilo? Book a call [Kilo] plugged all the gaps we had in our marketing and sales process. J.D. Frizzell | Lakeland Health + Fitness Running my gym from 1000 miles away has become infinitely easier. Tyler Lasley | CrossFit Fringe GLM will organize your organization. Being able to do everything with one software is a dream come true. Santiago ‘Chawg” Sanchez | Golden State CrossFit Kilo is legit. Leave it to the experts, not the client. Chris Follick | CrossFit Justice I now realize the opportunities I have lost for YEARS. Lindsey Barber Website launched yesterday. Love the layout and streamline function! Michael O’Neal | Reform Health & Performance GLM.. don’t think twice about it. Whitney Carullo The GLM automation stuff is so easy to use. Worth every penny. Chris Lomen Amazing customer service, extremely quick to answer questions and help with things in a clear concise way. Peak Fitness CrossFit I love how easy you’ve made messaging all of our members and new leads. We’ve gotten so many new members because of how quickly and easily all of our coaches can respond. Mike Carr | Friction Grand Rapids I'm drowning in website traffic I never knew I had 😂 Lindsey Barber | Fitness Lair The complexity of systems quite honestly scares me, but everything from google ads to landing pages has been extremely simple through your system Share Pomeroy | Lift Health and Fitness LLC If you want to improve your business don’t even hesitate to bring the GLM aboard. Lisa Palmer | Gas Station Fitness I cannot tell you how much Kilo has done for CrossFit NYC Hari Singh | CrossFit NYC Don't use KILO unless you're ready for 4-5 new people coming in every week. I'm paying pennies for free marketing and all I changed was my website. Whatever KILO is doing is working VERY well. Keith Zimmer | CrossFit Gritty The best thing about Kilo, is the response time: it’s very good. If I can say one thing to you guys it’s just to keep up the reply times. James Mawson | Tribe MVMNT Wangaratta Every single person [in Kilo] has always been kind and helpful to me. You’ve never left me stuck, you’ve always helped me. Every single time. Jennifer Hawley | Jacked Fitness Club Moving to GLM is one of our best moves since we bought the gym. We are averaging 30 leads /month. Clay Ream | CrossFit Wooster It’s a great tool, it does a lot and the video clips are definitely really helpful. Laura Mathias | CrossFit Aptos I really love that everyone gets responded to right away, it takes that initial pressure off of feeling like I have to respond right away. Tracy Lanzl | Red Eye Health and Fitness I am always loving the quick responses with answers to support requests and confirmation whether something can be done or not. Jamie Schmuck | Forest City CrossFit We are getting a lot of positive feedback from our members about the Kilo experience. Definitely a step in the right direction. Candice Wagner | CrossFit Iron Horse Kilo works really well, getting messages both from our social media and text messages all in one app has been very helpful. Jason Giles | Iron Monkey Strength Your customer support is hands down better than any other gym management software I’ve ever used. Matthew Guffey | Victory High Performance We are super pleased, lead management is so much more efficient with Gym Lead Machine. Nick Vera | The Tribe / 3F CrossFit You will not find a company that will work harder for you than Kilo. Whitney Carullo | Liven Up Fitness You guys are so available, the customer support has been second to none. It has just been so, so good. Mélise Sears | Vigor Community Fitness I was using Calendly, I was using a Social Media posting site, I was using two other software, With Kilo I was able to literally cancel everything. Tracy Lanzl | Red Eye Health and Fitness We run a few narrow niche programs and have used GLM funnels and targeted blog posts to capture this audience successfully. Brian Foley | Activate Everything is super smooth with GLM and the support videos are really helpful, so it’s all gone really well so far. Jamie Ford | FGH Training Centre Honestly, everything’s great. I’m seeing an uptake already. Ashley Nard | Bad Ash Athletics GLM has been great for organising all of our lead traffic and the automation has been proving very powerful in terms of getting more conversations going and just keeping us more organised and on point. Sacha Harding | SHIFT Training Club Reduced workload and stress, with efficient integrations of website and lead management, are the best results from Kilo. Jamie Schmuck | Forest City CrossFit The Customer Service and support has been FANTASTIC. I have been very pleased with my website and the GLM software. Daniel Moore | CrossFit Royal Coast The support that you guys give is amazing! If I have a question or if I need a change, I email it to you and 20 minutes later it’s done. Marc Boucher | MOEfit The system itself is very user friendly. Scott Drapeau | Alliance Athletics I’ve been really impressed, really happy - most of all just with the customer service. You guys are so awesome on getting back quickly. Daniel Moore | CrossFit Royal Coast Everything runs smoothly. Good to get the leads and everything in one place. I think Kilo has been very helpful for us. Mikaela Brandberg | CrossFit Övik Kilo has been good. We’re getting leads in like crazy. We’re doing No Sweat Intros, it’s awesome. Jackie Dawson | Level Up Maui Even in my first four days of having GLM, I got more organic leads than I would typically get in a month. Mike LeJeune | CrossFit SciCoh I get new leads every single day from different places and since all my leads come to the same place I never miss a potential. Really love the system. Jay Storey | CrossFit Narellan The website looks great. Having the automation is really nice. They are great just so that people don't fall through the cracks. Chris Plentus | Kanna Fitness I've got to say, I've never dealt with any company that's so responsive and so helpful. It’s amazing so, full credit. Siavosh Nadji | William Street Gym We're really enjoying it - it's nice to have everything in one spot. The biggest thing for us is to be able to just communicate with everybody and not have to check a bunch of different places. Eric Ingram | Pyramid Athletics I'm getting to see that there's quite a few people that I probably would have lost before GLM and it's really cool to see how many people are clicking on my site. Mandy Erickson | Paradigm CrossFit Kilo has already done more than pay for itself, so thank you guys so much. I can't thank you all enough for pleasure. Justin Largent | The Fix Personal Training Studio It's an intuitive system. Fotoula Theodoulou | William Street Gym Kilo has decreased our admin hours, increased our weekly consults and kept everything running smoothly. Ashton Calnan | Right Fit Training The social media library is cool. It just saves me time. Jake Haile | CrossFit Fargo This website and the GLM - it's really good. Daria Snow-Hayward | Dynamic Strength and Conditioning The resources are really good! I've used a lot of that stuff to send an automated email blast out. Andrew Naylor | Fit Forward The first time I actually had any interaction [with the lead] was when he came through the door. So... it was cool to see it work! Usually I’m sending emails, texting. Brian Pitilli | CrossFit Ocean Beach The Kilo team has been INCREDIBLE. Mary Boimila | Tradewinds Fitness Gym Lead Machine has been fantastic! A huge game changer for time management and for effectiveness for following up with the leads. Dan Swenson | Dogma Athletica We love GLM! Dane McCarthy | Village Athletic It’s been great because I don’t have to check in with people constantly because they’re in our funnels. David Quevedo | Fit Foundry Everyone on the Kilo team is very quick to respond. Greg Morrone | The FIT Lab Hoboken GLM has saved me countless hours and a lot of money generating leads. Eric Cruz | Progressive Health & Performance I absolutely love it. Having the Gym Lead Machine we are able to engage with these leads immediately. Dave Lockwood | RubiconFit There's a lot of really cool things in GLM that I've really enjoyed discovering. Ryan Aldrich | Sheyenne River CrossFit I love love love love how the moment somebody clicks on any page I get the pop-up on my phone and then I initiate contact. Brent Ericksen | Georgia Strength For a gym that's brand new and for an owner operator like myself, I believe Kilo is doing what I need it to do. William Solomon | Psyko Fit I’m enjoying Kilo! It's saving us a lot of time. Favour Sulaiman | CrossFit Orpington Need to reschedule, GLM has brought me too many leads and new clients to ramp up!!!! 😀 😀 😀 😀 Sergio Bochicchio | SB CrossFit I love it so far. I mean, it's made just the world a difference working with you guys. Reid Adams | CrossFit Formidable We love it. I am like the biggest fan of GLM. Tina Morin | MSC Strength I just want to say that you guys are incredible and I've dealt with all kinds of tech companies. Brian Mower | Club KickBox The Kilo support team is very responsive and helpful with clear directions. Lauren Rottier | CrossFit Dwell [Kilo] was the missing link. Taryn Dubreuil | CrossFit Function I’ve never had so many leads to deal with like.. ever. Clark Hibbs {GLM} has improved improved our gross revenue by increasing our number of leads, conversion of leads, and speed of response. Lisa Palmer | Gas Station Fitness [I] have been wanting to reach out to your team and let you know how much I have appreciated working with you. GLM has been a game changer for lead generation and marketing. Share Pomeroy | Lift Health and Fitness LLC Kilo is an INCREDIBLY powerful tool and 100% worth the investment. Ashley Sell Customer service is fast and top notch! Sachin McDonnell | Paladin Health and Human Performance I’ve never felt more confident in an endorsement to a service. Ron Rodriguez GLM has saved me many headaches and time! Jeff Dawson Best software for capturing and managing leads… I can’t imagine not having this software now! Lindsey Barber | Fitness Lair I love my website! Im also loving the back of house system for potential clients! De Mawson | De Mawson Nutrition I’m really impressed with Kilo and the GLM platform. I honestly can’t believe how good it is… I’ve have 7 NSI’s and 5 new members in 5 days 😂 Jay Storey | CrossFit Narellan So Kilo works. 3 weeks in and we’ve doubled our leads vs acuity and squarespace. Liam O’Toole | Wicklow Strength and Fitness Started with just a great design of the website. But now that integrates to our backend operations and all the email integrations that you gave us upfront. Mark VanderMeer | CrossFit 7070 You guys are so quick and awesome!! Thank you!! Terra Smout | Kova Fitness The website looks so amazing!!! I am so happy with how the site looks, you guys do such great work!! Tracy Lanzl | Red Eye Health and Fitness That workflow looks incredible… I have had a go with the workflows but they take me ages and I usually don't get them finished. This looks great, Thank you again! Charlie Banfield | Function Fitness I cannot thank you enough for making this so easy on us! Jasmine Joy | CrossFit Fargo We’ve been getting way more leads than we had ever before with our old website so that’s fantastic, we’re really excited about that. Tracy Lanzl | Red Eye Health and Fitness I’m really satisfied with the customer support, it’s been great. Anytime I send emails in they get answered in a timely manner and everybody is really nice. Steve Jarecki | CrossFit Vanquish I have been able to track matrixes that I haven't tracked consistently before! The dashboard and opportunities workflow have been amazing! Ryan Groshong | Engage Fitness I’ve seen improvement in the lead flow, a big improvement in the speed of the website, I like how straightforward it is. Steve Jarecki | CrossFit Vanquish Kilo has been, hands down, the best customer service. Ryan Groshong | Engage Fitness I love GLM, this is kind of the reason I joined because it cut out so many other pieces of software that I previously needed that now I don’t. Matthew Guffey | Victory High Performance I like that whether they’re on messenger, instagram, SMS, all the messages are in the same spot and it’s not getting lost anymore. Tracy Lanzl | Red Eye Health and Fitness I’ve used a lot of CRMs and websites over the last 11 years, and they don’t even compare to the capabilities, user control and customer support of Kilo. Whitney Carullo | Liven Up Fitness Moving to Kilo was the best decision ever!! All of the capabilities that the system provides plus the customer service is an easy 10x ROI. Kalli Beckwith | A3 Sports Performance I feel like things have been smooth, we really like everything that Kilo is giving us. I like especially all the additional stuff you have. Kristin Moody | Live Active Charlotte I like the fact that the automations are as built out as they are. I like the emails, the messaging and the helpful tips - it comes from a place of wanting to help people. Steve Jarecki | CrossFit Vanquish You guys are awesome! Alex Montion | Hit Fit CA I couldn’t recommend Kaleda and the team at Kilo highly enough. Brian Foley | Activate The website itself is just a small fraction of what you pay for with Kilo. The biggest reward for us is time saved. Brian Foley | Activate I just had a call with the company that runs our Google Ads and their analysis of the website was "outstanding". All the tools they use to measure it came in at 99-100%!! Russell Francis | JCFIT The GLM team never cease to amaze me. You guys responding on super bowl Sunday just shows how awesome your customer service is. Chris Guerrero | Westchester Fit Kilo has efficient lead management and engagement. Our engagement with leads has improved substantially. Jamie Schmuck | Forest City CrossFit Kilo has been a huge part of our growth for sure. Just the automating the lead process and the whole process of the funnels. Marc Boucher | MOEfit I have absolutely loved the service so far! Daniel Moore | CrossFit Royal Coast I love the new website, it’s great and I love the software, it’s amazing. Makes my job easy, and it’s capturing more leads for me. Mike Garrett | CrossFit Goldsboro We love Kilo, it is so great. It’s helped us so much. We’re pretty short for our front desk staff right now so it’s definitely made a difference with the automation. Staci Stewart | YoFit I’m always impressed with just how much traffic on our website we’re actually able to capture now just by having the system in place. Aaron Maier | Stone Brook Strength The social media templates are just a no brainer for anybody to use. To have an idea just put there and all you have to do is change a few things, obviously makes our lives a lot easier. Drew Preiss | FX Fitness Studio You can tell people who designed the GLM system either run gyms or have listened to the feedback from people who use it. Jay Storey | CrossFit Narellan Honestly, I love everything about Kilo in terms of the support and how fast you guys get back. Chris Plentus | Kanna Fitness I love the system. I think it's great. It's really helping kind of streamlining the new prospect inquiry process. Stan Skolfield | Skolfield Sports Performance Whoa. Thanks for the amazing customer service. You guys are #1. Jeremy Meredith | CrossFit Vernon We gained 3 new google reviews this week very easily, simply by using the GLM. Very cool! Evan Armstrong | Destiny Health Leads are going pretty crazy right now, which is a great problem to have. Justin Largent | The Fix Personal Training Studio Our efficiency in responding to leads and existing member queries has improved. Fotoula Theodoulou | William Street Gym Kilo has been great. I love the interface, I love all the videos, the videos are great. Ervin Martinez | Contender CrossFit We really like the system. Jake Haile | CrossFit Fargo I was really excited about the email reply campaign that you set up - it was so good. Daria Snow-Hayward | Dynamic Strength and Conditioning I've used the ‘Done For You’ stuff as well, I do use Canva quite a lot, so that's been quite good as well. Andrew Naylor | Fit Forward Kilo has been working great. Brian Pitilli | CrossFit Ocean Beach I love having everything accessible in one place vs before we used three different applications for the same purpose. Jennifer Cooke | TRVFIT Fowlerville GLM has paid for itself multiple times over already. Dan Swenson | Dogma Athletica It's definitely been noticed by some of the leads how quickly we're able to respond which is awesome of course. Erin Lewis | CrossFit Cape Cod Just organizing leads, no shows, and just having those statistics is a big win for me. David Fitzgerald | Evolution It's a fantastic bit of software, clearly. It's amazing. Mark Coulson | MSC Performance GLM made my client management 10x easier for my team. Eric Cruz | Progressive Health & Performance A lot of the prompts that I've sent out really sounds like a person. I was really surprised at it. George-Anthony Dulal-Whiteway | Brainstorm Fitness Everything is going great and I'm getting everything I need from the Kilo! Steel Strength Training | Nate Johnson I think we signed seven people in a week, which is the most I've ever had. Jessica Kersey | Mind Over Core Kilo has been very helpful and the customer service has been world class. William Solomon | Psyko Fit I've been able to do a lot of new things with Kilo. The ROI has been very good. Nino Tiburzi | Sage Personal Training We're loving the GLM software. Eric Cruz | Progressive Health & Performance We have had more leads than ever before. Benedikte | Monolitten CrossFit It’s hard to believe that we functioned without you guys and without GLM. Reid Adams | CrossFit Formidable I have utilized the pre-written blogs and I've learned how to schedule those easily. Ron White | Tried and True We've been loving it. It's been definitely making lives easier. Eric Fasciani | CrossFit Souhegan Kilo has enthusiastic and knowledgeable support staff for onboarding plus clear descriptive knowledge base articles. Justin Shal | Pure Edge Performance Training The site is beautiful and it's getting me leads. Ivan Racic | CrossFit XV Bethany Ream of CrossFit Wooster saw a 377% increase in leads in her first month. Bethany Ream | CrossFit Wooster I could literally shout it from the rooftop how much I love [Kilo]!!! Lindsay Barber | CrossFit Lair ALL client comms in one easy place… the list goes on about all the benefits! Teegan Webb Closed an NSI today and when I asked him how he found out about us he mentioned our website being above and beyond all other gyms in the area. Jonathan Royston The price is pennies compared to the value you get. Derek Ward | Upward Human Performance GLM by Kilo was able to free up so much time with our gym management. Contacting leads can sometimes get discouraging when they don’t respond but GLM manages to automate the “ice breaker” of the conversation. Santiago ‘Chawg” Sanchez | Golden State CrossFit I’ve had GLM for about 3 weeks and can already count 8 new members from generic website leads. Jay Storey | CrossFit Narellen Love the automated lead nurture. Luis M Gonzalez | Crossfit Phoenix 815 I love being a Kilo customer! Hari Singh | CrossFit NYC I literally went from 0 leads to 8 in a week, no ads. David De Leon | OTL Fitness [Kilo] changed the game for me. Sam Beaver I love Kilo and we will be with them til the wheels fall off! Santiago ‘Chawg” Sanchez | Golden State CrossFit Thank you so incredibly much, not only for the help but for the ease in doing so and quick responses! Jasmine Joy | CrossFit Fargo Kilo has been a fantastic addition and we couldn't be happier. Greg Crook | CrossFit MNC The website looks beautiful! I love the simplicity and how fast it loads! Steve Jarecki | CrossFit Vanquish Thanks for an awesome service! Timmy Thernström | CrossFit Tegen Loving the software, made my life so much easier. Andrew Naylor | Fit Forward The scheduling and messages in GLM have been such a game changer, I absolutely love that. It makes our life 10 times easier and we don't drop the ball on things and don't miss things, so that's been super super great! Courtney Strout | CrossFit Veneration GLM has made it much easier. There are premade post designs and funnels and that’s where it’s helpful. Akeem Cason | HEALTH3 It’s great having all the communications in one place so you can see what emails and texts they’ve got and all, so it’s very very good. Eamon Cullen | Waterford Warriors Customer service has been great! any time I have a question or an issue you guys get back to me super fast so that is very much appreciated. Courtney Strout | CrossFit Veneration I really really love the system, it has helped me immensely with my time and just organizing everything. Nic Brinson | Train Matthew The way we went about connecting the ads through Facebook and those campaigns to the website was so painless compared to what I had to go through with the last one to set it up so I really appreciated that. Steve Jarecki | CrossFit Vanquish One of the things we’re most excited about is the text reply to phone calls. We now don't have to check our phones all the time. Nick Vera | The Tribe / 3F CrossFit Does GLM get leads and bring prospects directly to the point of booking a No-Sweat-Intro? Yes, it does! Brian Foley | Activate My #1 favorite part is all the landing pages and funnels you can build out yourself! Fully DIY customizable, but the website remains Kilo's solid reliable homebase. Kalli Beckwith | A3 Sports Performance I've been able to go into all of the campaigns and customize them to our verbiage and add things in where we wanted. I really like that. Courtney Strout | CrossFit Veneration You guys rock. Thank you for taking the time! Tim Caputo | One Life Strong Customer support has been getting back really quickly. I’ve been impressed with the responsiveness of you guys, It’s been great. Sacha Harding | SHIFT Training Club As a brand new gym owner, I had never had a website before and so having the website built, all the add-on's and all the automation has been super super helpful! Mélise Sears | Vigor Community Fitness I have truly appreciated how nurturing the people at Kilo are. It's not just having a real human to talk to, it's talking to people who have empathy. Melise Sears | Vigor Community Fitness I like the quick support to update and educate on the proper use of various features. Jamie Schmuck | Forest City CrossFit You guys have been incredibly amazing. Gera Salazar | Virtuo Fitness Kilo is worth every penny. We’re very very happy to have it. It’s making us a lot more money than we’re spending on it and that’s how it should be. Marc Boucher | MOEfit I love how with my Facebook Lead Ads it just auto-populates straight into GLM, and then I can move it around. It’s just keeping me engaged with all my leads. Daniel Moore | CrossFit Royal Coast I love what you guys do on your end with the campaigns and the pipelines, so really really cool. Mike Garrett | CrossFit Goldsboro We’re really happy that we joined Kilo, because it’s a very easy way to track everything. The system sends the automations and it brings in leads. Fredrik Vestergren | CrossFit Tegen I love the integrations you guys offer. You have TikTok, Facebook, Instagram and Google dashboard, so those are all plusses honestly. I can see my analytics through there which is really cool. Drew Preiss | FX Fitness Studio Having leads in GLM and then being able to email and text them all from one single dashboard has been really nice. James Harris | Brentwood Barbell We've seen some really good results since getting the website. It's definitely saved us a lot of time and gotten us leads as well. Really enjoying the system. William Dicey | Innerbloom CrossFit Right away we had some leads coming in. I was like, oh wow, okay, this is good. Dwayne Dimm | CrossFit BR I love the website ease. When we first started using Kilo I feel like we started getting leads immediately, and we'd really been struggling with pulling in leads. David De Leon | OTL Fitness GLM has been amazing. I've really enjoyed using it - it’s super easy to work with. Mandy Erickson | Paradigm CrossFit I keep getting leads! It's been amazing so far. Paul Healy | EliteFit Cross-Training The team is VERY helpful and always provides prompt, accurate responses. Fotoula Theodoulou | William Street Gym I'm really loving Kilo. Ashley Nard | Bad Ash Athletics It’s the most organized we've ever been when it comes to managing leads. Kristen Moustrouphis | Beacon Community Fitness Kilo is absolutely spot on. We're not having any sort of problems with finding people. Kieran Jones | CrossFit Central London The support articles are great. Daria Snow-Hayward | Dynamic Strength and Conditioning Customer service is second to none, it's amazing! Andrew Naylor | Fit Forward The CRM system has been amazing for my CSMs staying organized and on track. Jennifer Cooke | TRVFIT Fowlerville Oh, the 'Done For You' - that is the greatest thing. The done for you monthly newsletter. Thank you so much for that. Allie Newell | 26.2 CrossFit I wish I had found you guys months ago. Dan Swenson | Dogma Athletica I got the Google Analytics email yesterday, our Google uptick was a 250 % increase. So that's awesome. Kesha Klontz | Assemble Most gym CRM stuff - everyone just hates it. But so far you guys, everyone's happy. Greg Morrone | The FIT Lab Hoboken Looks amazing! We're so happy with the website. Evan Armstrong | Destiny Health We've gone through several websites and CRM's and Kilo is by far the best. Brandon Sundwall | Virtuo Fitness Overall, GLM definitely had an impact on our ability to be productive and manage our leads. Jason Giles | Iron Monkey Strength I’ve been able to really utilize GLM with the iPhone, I can book leads right into the appointment through the app. Ronda Sink | CrossFit Culpeper We are up 75% in our gym sales, which is amazing! Jessica Kersey | Mind Over Core I’ve really been enjoying the app. I've been enjoying the website, how easy it is to use. Brent Ericksen | Georgia Strength Kilo is amazing! Nino Tiburzi | Sage Personal Training Everything's going great. Everything's working better than I expected. Eric Cruz | Progressive Health & Performance We're pretty happy with Kilo. Eric Cruz | Progressive Health & Performance We love how clearly visible it is to follow our leads within the system. Benedikte | Monolitten CrossFit I love everything that I've been able to do with GLM. Ron White | Tried and True We use the marketing tools for everything. We use the pre-made stuff and we're getting a lot of leads in. Tina Morin | MSC Strength You guys are amazing. I've never dealt with a company like yours that responds so quickly, you know what I mean? Brian Mower | Club KickBox Kilo keeps leads top of my mind with automation and having a simple place to keep track of leads and customers is great! Dave Quevedo | Fit Foundry More words from our people 413 Fitness Lahaina CrossFit CrossFit Landrush CrossFit Justice CrossFit NYC Transform Rx 3xF Fishersville “Kilo has tremendously helped our fitness business on many fronts. From saving prospective lead information and automatically following up, re-engaging previous members, and even allowing us to cancel a few other software services. One of our best moves was joining up with Kilo! Their customer service is an 11 out of 10. You won’t be disappointed.” 413 Fitness Blake Bramer “Kilo took our website to the next level. It’s easy to navigate, clean, and just plain awesome. Customer service and help support have been top-notch. Highly recommend.” Lahaina CrossFit Tom Ragusa “You guys are awesome! Kilo is an all-in-one place solution for our CrossFit business. I don’t have to worry about the things that yes, are important and need to get done, but are just not in my wheelhouse. And the customer service is amazing! Very responsive and always upbeat! Their responses just put a smile on my face each time.” CrossFit Landrush Russell Carby “Thanks for making a killer website & service for us.” CrossFit Justice Chris Follick “After nearly a year as a customer, I wish to report that I could not be more satisfied. The product is excellent, and your team is superb! We have now processed over one thousand leads through GLM and signed up over 300 members.” CrossFit NYC Hari Singh “I can’t thank you enough for all your help! We are so impressed with the website, Kilo’s customer service, and the simple and organized approach! What a difference from the first time we tried building a website!” Transform Rx Monica Buccellato “I am not an emotional person but the way GLM organizes my leads gets me right in the feels 😂🥰 Seriously, I switched from UpLaunch just a few weeks ago and we are getting a huge uptick in leads and I have soooo much more transparency in terms of who is in what stage of the process. Love it!” Joby Shreckhise 3xF Fishersville Our company 0 Founded 0 k+ gym owners served 0 k+ customer support interactions 0 % customer support success rating 0 M marketing automations running Everything you needed to run a successful gym Book a Call Resources Blog Products Company About Careers Privacy Policy / Terms of Service Contact Social Facebook Instagram Super Ad Bros Inc. 1480 Royal Palm Beach, Royal Palm Beach, FL 33411 Copyright © 2023 Kilo. Learn more about GLM AI
