https://www.softwareadvice.com/gym-management/kilo-profile/reviews/
Kilo Software Reviews, Pros and Cons - 2023 Software Advice Software Categories Blog About Us For Vendors Home Gym Management Software Kilo Kilo Reviews Kilo Reviews RATING: 5.0 (42) Learn More Overview Reviews Comparisons Alternatives Review Highlights Overall Rating 5.0 Ratings Breakdown 5 (40) 4 (2) 3 (0) 2 (0) 1 (0) Secondary Ratings Ease-of-use 5 Customer Support 5 Value for money 5 Functionality 4.5 Pros and Cons icon"This software is easy to use, and it has amazing UI and great customer support responses and through this we can track the membership of the gym or clubs and we can create the invoice." icon"I like how Kilo have interactive dashboard which showcases details of subscription,members and account. Kilo helps people to manage their workout plan by thier own regardless of any gym." icon"I love the customer service. If I ever need anything they are quick to respond, and even volunteer to help me implement it when I can't figure something out." icon"I just can't think of that anything I dislike about it." icon"One thing that I find to be a bit of a drawback is the lack of integration with other fitness software." icon"Just to use more features we have to become a premium member, apart from it it has no negative point as per my opinion." Have you used Kilo and would like to share your experience with others? Write a Review Filter reviews 42 results Filter reviews Company Size Self-Employed 2-10 11-50 51-200 201-500 501-1,000 1,001-5,000 5,001-10,000 10,000+ + Show all Time Used Free Trial Less than 6 months Less than 12 months Less than 2 years More than 2 years User Rating 1 star 2 star 3 star 4 star 5 star ClearShow 42 Reviews All Kilo Reviews 1-25 of 42 Reviews Filter Filter Sort by Reviews are by default sorted by Recommended to software buyers, driven by our proprietary algorithm reflecting the depth and quality of the review, recency of experience, and other factors. As a neutral reviews platform, the star rating of the review is not considered in the "Recommended" ranking, and there is currently no voting mechanism that would allow site visitors to influence the ranking. Recommended Pankaj Verified reviewer Computer Software, 501-1,000 employees Used daily for less than 2 years Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 FUNCTIONALITY 4 Reviewed October 2023 A complete gym management solution PROS Kilo is an all-in-one solution. This saved me time and money by eliminating the need to use multiple software systems. I was able to manage my entire gym business from one platform, which made my life much easier. CONS The software is complex and it took me some time to learn how to use all of the features. However, once I got the hang of it, I found Kilo to be very easy to use. Chris Health, Wellness and Fitness, 2-10 employees Used daily for more than 2 years Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 5 Reviewed September 2023 Best CRM for Boutique Gyms PROS This is the best website + CRM solution in the boutique/small gym world. It helps that the people who started this company are former gym owners who know exactly what we need (and also what we don't). I can't imagine having a better solution for funneling leads through the process to become members. In addition, the support team is incredibly fast and helpful when you need them. CONS Nothing, there's still plenty of features I need to learn how to use! Reasons for switching to Kilo no 2-way texting on ActiveCampaign and not as user-friendly. Also didn't include full website development and integration Vendor Response Thanks so much for your review, Chris! It has been a pleasure working with you and we value your feedback!. Replied September 2023 Matt Health, Wellness and Fitness, 2-10 employees Used daily for more than 2 years Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 5 Reviewed July 2023 Best Seeks Best 3 years in, with 3 businesses….I use their product/services all day, every day. I’m not quite at the tattoo on my body level, but they did send my pup a custom bandana which is a good stage for our relationship currently. PROS From a functional perspective, Kilo checks the boxes most important to me.- Easy to use- Easy to train new team members to use- Customizable- Saves time- Highly organized- Saves costs of other softwares- Unmatched customer service - Education on their features to make my life easier and save my teams time- They make me laugh and smile CONS I really wish Kilo could be used in all areas of my life:- Investing- Fitness- DatingMaybe it’s an unreasonable ask…but everything gym related I thought was unreasonable, they’re created + delivered without being asked sooooo I wouldn’t rule it out TBH. Reasons for switching to Kilo Kilo appeared to be a better value at the time…it was one of the best decisions I’ve made for my businesses. Anonymous 10,000+ employees Used monthly for less than 12 months Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 4 Reviewed November 2023 Value for money and time PROS Overall experience is very good because this gym management software is far more good than other software , it helped me very much in managing the attendance and tracking my customers. Billing and invoices management is another a plus point. CONS Just to use more features we have to become a premium member, apart from it it has no negative point as per my opinion. Reasons for switching to Kilo Better and easy to use. Customer service is far more good then other Mehboob Computer Software, 501-1,000 employees Used daily for less than 2 years Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 4 VALUE FOR MONEY 4 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 4 Reviewed November 2023 A Robust Solution for Streamlined Efficiency and Performance PROS I have been very impressed with its comprehensive features and ease of use. I was able to quickly and easily set up my gym's membership plans, class schedules, and staff management system. CONS One thing that I find to be a bit of a drawback is the lack of integration with other fitness software. For example, Kilo does not integrate with any popular nutrition tracking apps. Barasa Security and Investigations, 2-10 employees Used daily for more than 2 years Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 5 Reviewed October 2023 Very good for fitness My fitness good because of kilo PROS The app is designed to help one stay fit by completing daily fitness exercise CONS I have nothing much to say ,I only recommend that kilo is the best nitin Information Technology and Services, 501-1,000 employees Used daily for less than 12 months Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 4 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 4 FUNCTIONALITY 5 Reviewed November 2023 Kilo Review : manage the membership and billing of gyms and clubs PROS This software is easy to use, and it has amazing UI and great customer support responses and through this we can track the membership of the gym or clubs and we can create the invoice. moreover, process the payments and manage the registrations and it`s very easy to deploy and I love it at personal level and it has also provide the MOBILE ACCESS so we can used it anywhere. CONS i do not think here is anything to dislike except the premium Chris Verified reviewer Health, Wellness and Fitness, 2-10 employees Used daily for less than 12 months Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 5 Reviewed September 2023 Gyms need CRMs before they need anything else! amazing. exactly what we need. PROS Kilo doesn't have a bunch of features that gym owners don't need. Everything is built to match exactly what a gym needs. CONS I don't have any cons to mention about Kilo. Pavankumar Verified reviewer Information Technology and Services, 10,000+ employees Used weekly for less than 12 months Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 5 Reviewed October 2023 Want to earn more Profits from you Gym use Kilo Highly Recommended Tool if any one want to earn profits from Gym ! PROS Kilo saves a lot of time for trainer to guide a newly joined person. It engages the people with automated site analytics and tracks our attendance to . The automated chat bot helps the people finds easier and quicker without interaction with the trainer CONS Every aspect of it like to me ! I just can't think of that anything I dislike about it Ashley Health, Wellness and Fitness, 11-50 employees Used daily for more than 2 years Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 5 Reviewed August 2023 Gym Owners - THIS IS THE BEST INVESTMENT WE'VE MADE!! Their support team is the best in the space with fast response times, kindness, and a willingness to help and go the extra mile for clients. PROS Kilo's software does what it says it will do AND MORE! The power of this tool to improve the gym industry is tremendous. It is a well kept secret; it is by far the highest ROI on software/technology that our gym has made (and we have experience with many of the top players). CONS Kilo is an incredibly powerful tool. To take full advantage of the software, you will want an admin on your team to handle the set up and management. However, Kilo delivers their software ready to "plug and play" so you only are exposed to as much complexity as you desire. It is delivered ready to go live "out of the box," but admin-minded users can dive in deep, if desired. Reason for choosing Kilo Kilo had far superior software capabilities and way more breadth of service. Usually there are compromises made when you have as much breadth as they do, but it is NOT the case with Kilo. They do everything in their suite remarkably well. Reasons for switching to Kilo We were looking for a better way to manage our leads. We were able to improve a lot more than that as part of our relationship with Kilo!! (website, lead nurture, streamlined client communications, etc.) Dana Health, Wellness and Fitness, 11-50 employees Used daily for more than 2 years Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 4 Reviewed July 2023 Kilo understands what we need PROS The customer service is top notch. They are quick to respond and understand our industry. CONS Keeping in mind they we were early adopters while they were still in beta, we really really would like them to have an app. There are also some functionality features we would like. The good news is they responsive and I’m confident these will be in future offerings. Vendor Response Thanks for the honest review, Dana. You have been instrumental in helping us create a good product for gym owners. Thank you for being a beta client and coming on this journey with us. I know that you have given this feedback to our development team as well and they have put a lot of your suggestions on the road map. Thanks again! Replied July 2023 Joseph Health, Wellness and Fitness, 2-10 employees Used daily for more than 2 years Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 5 Reviewed July 2023 Just scratching the surface PROS I love the way that the sales pipeline is organized, it makes stages of follow-up simple to view. I also love how easily we can see all of the communication we’ve had with a client in one spot. CONS I’m not using half the features I should be. Not a Kilo problem at all, the software just does so much. Vendor Response Thanks so much for the review, Joseph! We are happy to see that Kilo is solving problems for you. As for those features, make sure you book a call with our account executive or attend any of our Master Classes to learn how to make the most out of your account! Replied July 2023 Andrew Health, Wellness and Fitness, 11-50 employees Used daily for less than 2 years Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 5 Reviewed August 2023 Easy to use and customize. Great customer service! Lead generation, appt scheduling, and sales mostly. PROS We love how easy Gym Lead Machine is to use, manage leads and campaigns, as well as make changes to our website. CONS I would prefer a few more custom options for running reports. Like for leads received over custom time frames, the quality of those leads, and being able to categorize/rate leads from hot to cold. Reason for choosing Kilo Website was faster and better equipped with SEO, more professional looking. Reasons for switching to Kilo Seemed like our website and marketing was stale. Website customizations were difficult. Chris Health, Wellness and Fitness, 2-10 employees Used daily for more than 2 years Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 5 Reviewed August 2023 Affiliates - you need Kilo Every time I interact with the team it’s a pleasure. Kaleda had done a fabulous job growing her team. PROS The product is intuitive and easy to use. It automates the lead process and brings the client through the doors. Saves money compared to buying 3 different component and having them integrated. Love me some Kilo CONS I like everything about it! There is not a thing about that I don’t like. Reasons for switching to Kilo All in one program Andrea Health, Wellness and Fitness, 2-10 employees Used daily for more than 2 years Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 5 Reviewed July 2023 Best Company Around! Outstanding PROS Incredibly easy system. Incredibly awesome customer service. CONS They are currently building their next version of billing, class and appointments yracking. Waiting patiently! It will be worth it. Reason for choosing Kilo Full website and social media integration. Also all of the above. Reasons for switching to Kilo Full website and social media integration Vendor Response What a review, Andrea! Thank you for being one of our early adopters and being with us right from the start of our journey. We appreciate you! It's people like you giving us a chance and feedback that have made us into the company we are today. Thank you! Replied July 2023 Brian Health, Wellness and Fitness, 2-10 employees Used daily for less than 2 years Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 5 Reviewed July 2023 Activate - Kilo review Outstanding. Simply the best business we have dealt with as a small gym business. PROS Simple to implement, straightforward to use. This product is so accessible that my staff are onboarded using it x5 times faster than any other software we use.It is highly effective at what it does! CONS Nothing so far, payment options for European banks would be next step for us. Reasons for switching to Kilo Ease of use and designed for purpose product rather than lots of different products to do the same job. Vendor Response Thanks so much for this amazing review of Kilo, Brian! We love that you have your staff involved and it allows them to do their job more effectively. As always, please let us know if there is anything we can do to make your life, as a gym owner, easier. Replied July 2023 Scott Health, Wellness and Fitness, 11-50 employees Used daily for more than 2 years Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 5 Reviewed July 2023 Kilo is a must have. Amazing. I don’t know what I did before Kilo. I feel it made us a real business. PROS Kilo automates everything. I would have to hire multiple employees to try and do the same functions and still not be able to. CONS Kilo gets us too many leads. Lol I need to hire another person to handle the new business generated. Reasons for switching to Kilo The professionalism, ease of use and the results Vendor Response Scott this is an amazing review! We are honored to be a part of your business. Thank you so much for your trust and support! Replied July 2023 Joanne Health, Wellness and Fitness, 2-10 employees Used daily for more than 2 years Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 5 Reviewed July 2023 Don’t hesitate Excellent customer service! PROS This product has streamlined my business and made my customer experience so much smoother. CONS Would like to see more integration with marketing and products like Wodify. Vendor Response Thanks, Joanne! We are happy to see that Kilo has help streamlined your gym for new leads and customers. As for integrations, you'll see our gym management software dropping very soon! We can't wait to show you what we are building! Thanks again. Replied July 2023 Dilip Computer Software, 501-1,000 employees Used daily for less than 12 months Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 4 VALUE FOR MONEY 4 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 4 Reviewed November 2023 A Powerful and Versatile Software for Data Analysis and Visualization Overall, I would recommend Kilo gym management software to anyone who is looking for an easy-to-use and affordable software. However, I would also recommend that you consider the limitations of the software before you purchase it. PROS I really loved how easy it was to use Kilo gym management software. It was so intuitive that I was able to get up and running with it in no time. I also appreciated the wide range of features that Kilo offers. It has everything I need to manage my gym business from one platform. CONS I found that the software did not support some of the data types that I needed. For example, I was not able to import data from my old gym management software. Graham Health, Wellness and Fitness, 2-10 employees Used daily for more than 2 years Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 3 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 5 Reviewed July 2023 Dam Strong Review 11 out of 10 PROS The whole crm features and the customer support. CONS The app is not as good as the website. Its still good though. Vendor Response Hi Graham! Thank you for the feedback. We love that you have both of your gyms using Kilo. Thank you so much for your trust. And we hear you on the mobile app and are working hard to make it up to gym owner standards. Replied July 2023 William Health, Wellness and Fitness, 2-10 employees Used daily for more than 2 years Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 5 Reviewed July 2023 Scary Good PROS Award winning customer service.Innovative company, always looking to give the gym owner an edge.Knows the business of fitness and understands the customer. CONS None at all. Wish I had thought of it and created it myself, lol. Reasons for switching to Kilo Service. Cost. Innovation. Ryan Health, Wellness and Fitness, 2-10 employees Used daily for less than 12 months Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 5 Reviewed July 2023 Underpriced and Overdelivered PROS I love the customer service. If I ever need anything they are quick to respond, and even volunteer to help me implement it when I can't figure something out. CONS Sometimes the mobile chat is a little lagged. Other than that, we love it. Reason for choosing Kilo Not applicable Reasons for switching to Kilo UpLaunch didn't offer all the services of Kilo and had horrible customer service. The value wasn't there. Vendor Response Ryan, thanks so much for this review. We take a lot of pride in our customer service, so your words mean a lot to us. We look forward to continuing to serve you and your gyms for years to come! Replied July 2023 Aman Computer Software, 201-500 employees Used daily for less than 12 months Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 4 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 4 Reviewed November 2023 A Promising Gym Management Software PROS Kilo software offers a wide range of features that can streamline and automate various aspects of gym management, including membership management, scheduling, billing, and reporting. CONS One of my biggest concerns is the pricing of Kilo software. I find the current pricing to be somewhat high, especially considering the availability of other gym management software at lower price points. I would be more likely to continue using Kilo software if the pricing were more competitive. Sasha Health, Wellness and Fitness, 2-10 employees Used daily for less than 12 months Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 5 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 5 FUNCTIONALITY 5 Reviewed July 2023 Excellent gym software Best customer service on the planet. PROS This product helps us grow and manage our boutique fitness business. They are GOOD at websites, marketing, communications, and lead management, so I don’t have to worry about that stuff! CONS No workout tracking, but sugarwod is working well for that! Vendor Response Thanks so much for your review, Sasha! We are thrilled to hear that running your gym is easier with Kilo websites & marketing automation. We're looking forward to blowing your socks off with our gym management software very soon! Replied July 2023 Satish Computer Software, 501-1,000 employees Used daily for less than 12 months Review Source: Capterra OVERALL RATING: 5 EASE OF USE 4 VALUE FOR MONEY 5 CUSTOMER SUPPORT 4 FUNCTIONALITY 4 Reviewed November 2023 A feature rich complete gym management solution PROS Kilo software is also incredibly easy to use. I was able to learn the system in no time, and now I can manage my gym with ease. The software is also very intuitive, and it's easy to find the features that I need. CONS The software can be slow at times, especially when I have a lot of clients logged in. Showing 1 - 25 of 42 Reviews Next About Us Careers Vendors Blog View All Categories © 2006-2023 Software Advice, Inc. User Terms Vendor Terms Community Guidelines Content Policy Content Policy FAQs Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Data Protection Agreement
