https://416fitnessclub.com/late-spring-cycle/
Late Spring Cycle - 416 Fitness Club Skip to content We are delivering our fitness and nutrition coaching online to stop the spread of COVID-19. Learn More More Info Schedule Pricing Drop In Programs Group Training Personal Training Nutrition Online Training Blog Free Intro Menu More Info Schedule Pricing Drop In Programs Group Training Personal Training Nutrition Online Training Blog Free Intro HERE'S WHAT'S HAPPENING IN OUR COMMUNITY! Late Spring Cycle May 4, 2023 This week’s testing has been absolutely crazy. We have seen so many personal bests and so many wins on better form and execution of reps. You have some very proud Coaches!( And we are not even done yet!) As we now enter May and this programming cycle ends so another will begin. I bet you are all wondering what is on the horizon! Starting May 8th we will begin a new cycle that will last until the week of June 26th (8 Weeks). Want to know more, keep reading and get all the juicy details… Here is a table summarizing pieces you will see weekly over this cycle: Strength / Skill Metcon Extra Credit Front Squat 3RM High power metcons Quad and Hamstring Strength Mixed Gymnastics Skill Progressions *TTB, Pull-up, HS Moderate time domains with a quality focus “FLEXtra” Credit: Shoulders, Triceps, & HSPU Strength Focus Deadlift High variance workouts with a lot of intervals Posterior Chain Support Mixed Skill Progressions *Jump Rope, V-Ups, Row Drills Low mechanical stress workouts with lower intensity and longer time domains – Oly Drills *Snatch/Clean and jerk with Pauses, Pulls Shorter metcons Strict Pull up progressions Rollover Strength: This is going to rotate based on what has been covered in the week. Typically a mix of unilateral strength work, like single arm rows, hinges, lunges, & squats. Partner Workout *We will vary the format from week to week to give a different feel to each Saturday – – Make Up Missed Day or Recovery Work – STRENGTH We’ll have 2 main targets in our strength progressions. The first is a 3 rep max front squat. (Which you just tested!) Over this cycle you will look to maximize your intensity each session relative to your state of readiness! We will also hit some unilateral work! The other strength focus will remain with the deadlift. We will be hitting deadlift with a bit of Wendler Style. 3 tough weeks, back off and then 3 more tough weeks and another test! Weekly you will see a mix of Snatch and Clean and Jerk with a technical focus to give everyone the chance to really dial in their movement and positions this cycle. SKILL Weekly will bring a mix of gymnastics progressions for movements like toes to bar, pull-ups, v-ups, and handstand holds. We’ll include multiple options to cater to members of all levels. Weekly we will focus on stroke development and technique on the rower as well as jump rope skill for movements like double unders. As mentioned in the strength block, we’ll train the olympic lifts. You can expect to see pauses & positional drills as well as shorter time domain met-cons on these days to ensure that your coaches can maximize the time spent teaching the oly lifts and not feel rushed through the training day. CONDITIONING We will have two test/re-test metcons for this cycle. The first is going to be a test of gymnastics strength-endurance with wall walks, strict ring rows and kettlebell swings. The next is a workout with row buy in to max burpees to target. The goal of this cycle is going to be to have you develop power endurance and pacing awareness throughout the cycle so that we can improve upon this in week 7. Sounds pretty awesome doesn’t it! What else is happening in May? May has already started and we can’t wait to sweat together during the Hero WODs with YOU! CrossFit Hero WOD’s are to help honour the brave men and woman who have served our amazing country. These WOD’s provide both a physical and mental challenge. Completing one is an amazing feat. Completing five on consecutive weeks is a great accomplishment, and tribute to those who have served us. All the HERO WOD’s we have chosen are Canadian Hero’s except ‘MURPH’ which is an American Hero and potentially the most recognized HERO WOD globally. Do not miss out! Every Saturday in our Box: May 6th – Hero WOD “NUTTS” May 13th – Hero WOD “Wilmont” May 27th – Hero WOD “Ship” June 3rd – Hero WOD “Bulger” On May 14th – Mother’s Day! DO NOT forget to spend some time with your family and loved ones 😉 May has come with some rainy weather, but soon we will able to enjoy sunshine and warmth! Get ready to spend some time with your 416 Fam on May 22nd as we take on one of CrossFit’s most recognized Hero WODs – MURPH! Stick around and socialize after (more details coming)! Let’s start May strong and crush it together! Have Questions? Email us at info@416fitnessclub.com POPULAR POSTS How Do I Get A 6-Pack, Fast? A Time For Change What if I’m Not Ready to Come Back to the Gym? 416 Fitness Club – Our Vision, Focus, and Values 6-Week Quarantine Training Cycle Schedule Your Free Intro Talk with a coach about your goals, get the plan to achieve them. LET’S DO THIS CONTACT (416) 901-0416 info@416fitnessclub.com 390 Queens Quay West Unit 112 Toronto, ON M5V 3A6 Facebook-f Instagram Click here to schedule a Free Intro. During your intro, we'll make a plan to help you reach your goals. BOOK A FREE INTRO Schedule Pricing Terms & Conditions Hold Cancellation Privacy Schedule Pricing Terms & Conditions Hold Cancellation Privacy A Kilo website. All rights reserved fill out the form below to get started! Take the first step towards getting the results you want!
