https://abc.com/news/insider/watch-nfl-monday-night-football-on-abc-the-abc-app-espn-see-schedule
Monday Night Football 2023 Schedule on ABC: Watch Philadelphia Eagles @ Kansas City Chiefs LIVE Monday, November 20, 2023 | ABC Updates Skip to Content provider-logo browse Live TV news schedule Search try provider-logo browse Live TV news schedule - ABC Updates Monday Night Football 2023 Schedule on ABC: Watch Philadelphia Eagles @ Kansas City Chiefs LIVE Monday, November 20, 2023 By ABC.com Nov 16th, 2023 ABC is the place to be for NFL football and, specifically, Monday Night Football 2023! The rich tradition of athletic competition established by ABC Sports continues with ESPN on ABC as the Philadelphia Eagles take on the Kansas City Chiefs. It's the rematch everyone has been waiting for this 2023 NFL season. Patrick Mahomes leads the 7-2 Chiefs against Jalen Hurts and the 8-1 Eagles. Travis Kelce's swift moves will be on full display in a game tailor-made (or Taylor-made depending on who's in the stands) for primetime. Travis' superstar sibling, Jason Kelce, will likely set aside any brotherly love for the brotherly shove. The rich tradition of athletic competition established by ABC Sports continues with the best games each and every Monday. Catch NFL football at its best all season long on ABC. Watch on the ABC app from your smartphone and tablet (iOS and Android), computer on ABC.com and connected devices (Roku, AppleTV and Amazon Fire TV). Watch Monday Night Football LIVE MONDAY 8 ET/5 PT on ABC and see the full Monday Night Football TV schedule here. Monday, November 20 Philadelphia Eagles @ Kansas City Chiefs 8:15 ET/5:15 PT WATCH THE LIVESTREAM HERE GMA - RELATED: TRAVIS KELCE JOKES ABOUT MISSING TAYLOR SWIFT'S DAD'S HIGH-FIVE Monday Night Football isn't the only bigtime LIVE event on ABC every week. "Dancing with the Stars" airs LIVE TUESDAYS 8/7c on ABC and Disney+ and streams next day on Hulu. The day after the big Eagles-Chiefs rematch, the six remaining couples are ready to make the whole place shimmer with a night full of red-hot performances to the gorgeous tunes of multi-GRAMMY® award-winning recording artist Taylor Swift. Get ready to clear a blank space in the calendar when "A Celebration of Taylor Swift" airs TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 21 8/7c, simulcasting LIVE across both ABC and Disney+ in local time zones and next day on Hulu. Longstanding "Dancing with the Stars" choreographer and lead choreographer of the Taylor Swift The Eras Tour, Mandy Moore, heads to the ballroom to offer her "Taylor-made" critiques as special guest judge. Couples, along with their dance styles and songs, will be announced at a later date. The six remaining couples are ready to make the whole place shimmer with a night full of red-hot performances to the gorgeous tunes of multi-GRAMMY® award-winning recording artist Taylor Swift. Fans will be able to vote during the live simulcast of the show in the EDT/CDT time zones. During this time, online voting will be available to fans in any time zone in the U.S., its territories and Canada via dwtsvote.abc.com, and fans with a participating U.S. wireless carrier can also vote via SMS/text (fans in Canada cannot vote via SMS/text). Live viewer votes will be combined with the judges' scores each episode to determine which couples may be in jeopardy of elimination. "Dancing with the Stars" is the hit series hosted by Alfonso Ribeiro and Julianne Hough in which celebrities are paired with trained ballroom dancers to compete in themed choreographed dance routines that are judged by a panel of renowned ballroom experts, including Carrie Ann Inaba, Bruno Tonioli and Derek Hough. The show is produced in front of a live audience by BBC Studios Los Angeles Productions. HomeNews & BlogsMonday Night Football 2023 Schedule on ABC: Watch Philadelphia Eagles @ Kansas City Chiefs LIVE Monday, November 20, 2023 COMPANY ABC Updates Advertise With Us Apps Contact Us Company Info FAQ Shop Terms of Use Privacy Policy BRANDS ABC News Disney+ DisneyNOW ESPN Freeform FXNOWfx now Hulu NatGeoTV FOLLOW US YouTube Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Snap LEGAL Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Interest-Based Ads Closed Captioning Corporate Social Responsibility Children's Online Privacy Policy Your US State Privacy Rights About Nielsen Measurement © 2023 ABC Entertainment
