https://dwellgym.ca/
More Space. More Equipment. More Membership Flexibility - Dwell Gym 0 HOME FACILITY Gallery Virtual Tour Location EQUIPMENT TRAINERS MEMBERSHIP LOGIN CONTACT open 24/7 More Space. More Equipment. More Membership Flexibility. LEARN MORE open 24/7 More Space. More Equipment. More Membership Flexibility. LEARN MORE open 24/7 More Space. More Equipment. More Membership Flexibility. LEARN MORE welcome to DWELL GYM Dwell is a gym —conveniently located in the heart of Leslieville— with great energy, wonderful ambience and a positive vibe. Our members, staff and trainers create this environment everyday! Ultimately, it is the caliber of Dwell’s members and trainers that have influenced the highly positive quality and diversity of our training environment. Our members come from all walks of life and represent a rainbow of diversity and interests. They are respectful and considerate. We enjoy serving all of our members – those who are brand new to fitness, the experienced and athletic and all in between. They enjoy having 24/7 access to their favourite fitness equipment and they appreciate the ease and feeling of exclusivity they enjoy with their personal access card. Our members are people who appreciate being acknowledged and welcomed but left alone to do their workout. They appreciate having total control and efficiency over not only what they wish to buy but also how they wish to pay. Finally, they appreciate the flexibility to adjust their memberships to fit their monthly schedules such that they are only paying for time they use the gym. Also, memberships may be put "on hold" at any time. Please never hesitate to CONTACT US should you have questions about any of our membership options. More Membership Flexibility Great Concept: Great Access — 24/7 Great Energy Great Members Great Staff & External Trainers Great Equipment Great Location Made Easy: Easy to change — your membership may be put "ON HOLD" —at anytime— for any reason... you can renew whenever you're ready! Easy to access — 24/7 secure gym access: we never close! Easy to workout — no crowds! considerate members, with respectful gym etiquette! Easy to shower — private change rooms and restrooms, with full towel service! Easy to succeed — fully stocked gym (all the latest & greatest equipment): we're constantly upgrading! Easy to find — located in the heart of Leslieville: Toronto's East End! 276 Carlaw Avenue, Toronto BIGGER THAN IT LOOKS!!! 8,000 square foot facility —just North of Queen Street, in the heart of Leslieville— OPEN 24/7... WE NEVER CLOSE!!! TAKE A LOOK AROUND! CONVENIENCE! OPEN 24/7 to ALL Members! Fully stocked gym (all the latest & greatest equipment): we're constantly upgrading! FLEXIBILITY! Your membership may be put "ON HOLD" —at anytime— for any reason. You can renew whenever you are ready! Please never hesitate to CONTACT US should you have questions about any of our membership options. PRIVACY! Completely private, individual change rooms and showers! Full towel service for your workouts and showers. Considerate members, with respectful gym etiquette— highly positive and diversified training environment! Sorry, but your browser not support this format video state of the art equipment State of the art equipment... with constant upgrades! We go after all high end quality brands and unique pieces of cardio strength and accessories that we know our members will enjoy and benefit from – constantly upgrading and introducing new pieces to stimulate our members. At Dwell we take a very unique approach to choosing our fitness equipment and accessories. We select the very best of all types of equipment from any of the top brands. There are no limits to the type and variety of equipment we choose. We base our equipment decisions on effectiveness, quality, and the desires of our members. In our effort to be the best equipped fitness gym in Toronto’s East end, we continually upgrade and add to our equipment mix. This includes new and different signature pieces of cardio, strength, free weight, and functional equipment. We consistently provide optimal variety and effectiveness for our fine members. It is one of the reasons our members often describe Dwell as having “The coolest equipment in Leslieville”. CARDIO Treadmills, Stairmasters, Stepmills, Ellipticals, Matrix Upright and Recumbent bikes, Concept 2 Rowers, Jacobs Ladder, eSPinners, and more... STRENGTH TRAINING Circuit selectorized Matrix machines, Plate loaded machines= Hammer Strength and Atlantis, Olympic benches/bars, Bridge Bench, Rogue Squat Racks, Roque Deadlift Bar and Blocks, weighted push up station (new), Wall squat machine (new), Functional Trainers, Farmers Handles, Olympic Plates, Dumbbell tiers (sets of Dumbbells ranging 2-to 115lbs) ACCESSORIES Accessories/ Dwell Toys: Prowler, Speed sled/Bag, Battle ropes, Kettlebells, Slam/Med balls, TRX stations, Climbing Rope, Rings, Rogue Plyo boxes, Bosu balls. Swiss balls. Sandbags, Foam rollers, Therbands/resistance bands, Rebounder, Slider board, Ladders, cones and more agility gadgets BOXING STATIONS Heavy bags, Wall Mounted Punching Bag, Century Bob, Boes Timer, Skipping Ropes... and More! FLOOR SPACE We have INDOOR TURF! This is exceptional for sprinting, prowler and sled work… as well as much more open floor space for dynamic exercise. JACOBS LADDER “The Ladder is a great piece of equipment… it is easier to work harder on the Ladder than any other machine.” –George Vien Learn More ESPINNER “Ride the technology wave with the eSpinner®. The eSpinner is the only indoor cycling bike on the market that offers 1 million customizable rides at the touch of a button. Whether you want to be led by a Spinning Master instructor or ride to your own playlist this bike delivers the freedom to create your own ride.” Learn More BRIDGE BENCH The Fortis Bridge Bench allows for a much more natural, comfortable bridge off the floor so you can think about bridging hard against resistance and not about discomfort. It also adjusts up and down to accommodate anyone’s natural limb length and provide a longer range compared to a bridge off of the floor. Learn More Sorry, but your browser not support this format video Personal Trainers Welcomed state of the art equipment 8,000 square foot facility top-notch management & staff Are you a personal trainer looking for a place to train your clients? discover the dwell gym difference Reviews by Dwell Members check out what our members are saying Best gym in Toronto Best gym in Toronto. Amazing space with all the equipment and extremely convenient 24hour access. Kind and caring staff and in a perfect location! —Simone Highly recommend This is such a great gym. It has everything you need and more, never busy and not pretentious or scene-y like so many gyms these days. Really well run and just a great overall vibe. Highly recommend —Andrew I love this gym!! I’ve been to various gyms around Toronto and Dwell gym is by far my favourite. The gym is spacious and welcoming (with the sweetest workers), and also has TONS of helpful equipment. I love this gym!! —Miyu check out more reviews OPEN 24/7 TO ALL GYM MEMBERS! NEED IN-PERSON ASSISTANCE? PLEASE SEE OUR STAFFED HOURS More Space. More Equipment. More Membership Flexibility. Bigger Than it Looks! 8,000 square foot facility —just North of Queen Street East, in the heart of Leslieville; Toronto— OPEN 24/7 to all members. EMAIL US MEMBER LOGIN Dwell Gym : OPEN 24/7 276 Carlaw Ave, Unit #101 Toronto, ON, M4M 3L1 Phone: 416 465 6200 Email: info@dwellgym.com OPEN 24/7 TO ALL MEMBERS NEED IN-PERSON ASSISTANCE? PLEASE SEE: STAFFED HOURS 276 Carlaw Ave, Unit #101, Toronto, ON, M4M 3L1 ©2023 Dwell Gym Nowadays - WordPress Theme. Developed & Designed by like@prothemes
