https://likeaprothemes.com/themes/nowadays-multipurpose-wordpress-theme/
Nowadays - Multipurpose WordPress Theme - Like-A-Pro themes - Premium WordPress themes 0 Home Themes Nowadays – WordPress Theme Nowadays – HTML5 Template Services Support Contact NowaDays Multipurpose WordPress theme Check it out NowaDays is powerful Multi/One-page Multipurpose WordPress Theme that helps you create Creative/Agency/Portfolio/Blog/Showcase/Whatever site to present your product or service best way. Nowadays theme comes with Visual Drag-n-Drop Page Builder, powerful Theme Options panel that will give you possibility to build your site without programming knowledge. Live Demo Purchase $69 WooCommerce support Nowadays theme has WooCommerce support to make your business easy. VISUAL DRAG-N-DROP PAGE BUILDER Nowadays comes with Unyson Framework which provides powerful Page Builder and Theme Settings. Page Builder has 40+ customizable elements that will help you to create something awesome! Unlimited Colors In one click. Just pick color you want and new color scheme for whole website will be created automatically. Fully Responsive & Retina Ready Rest assured that your visitors will have the best possible user experience regardless of which device they are using. No coding knowledge required 40.000+ lines of code written in order that you do not have to write code. With Nowadays theme doesn't require programming skills to create a website. Image & Video portfolio With Nowadays template you can present yourself best way. Template supports HTML5/Vimeo/YouTube Videos to present your work in motion. Blog share buttons To share your story with the world Awesome Parallaxes With fading, zooming, speed and other options. Tons of options Nowadays theme provides more than 400 options that allow you to customize the site to suit your needs. Smoothest Animations Smoother and faster than others! Custom Scroll To make a better perception of surfing. Working AJAX Forms To establish communication with your customers. 800+ Google Fonts Typography has a great influence on the appearance of the site. Thus, you have a choice to make typography perfect. Top notch customer support Our reviews speak for themselves, we have nothing to add. Perfect Design Extremely clean and simple design. Because you love the simplicity and ease, don't you? Hard Optimization Nowadays theme is optimized for best performance. It has almost no 3-rt party plugins and dependencies, so you will not have to worry about tons of updates and unnecessary stuff unlike other themes. One Click Demo Import All Demo pages are included in the package and can be imported with just one click. 40+ Visual Page Builder elements Nowadays has more than 40 Visual Page Builder elements to help you create whatever you want. Online documentation http://docs.nowadays.likeaprothemes.com Free Updates Buy Nowadays theme now and get lifetime updates for free. And more cool cats Inside the package... Nowadays time has come. Build your site today, not tomorrow! Purchase Now Contact Contact Privacy Policy Services Theme Setup Service Support About Like-A-Pro themes is a brand new theme factory specialized in creating adorable and functional WordPress themes. Our priority is simple: create awesome things and be the best for our customers. We're focused on performance and own solutions. We hate mainstream and plugins. We believe that most of plugins can be replaced with 15 lines of code! Proudly powered by Nowadays - WordPress Theme. Developed & Designed by like@prothemes Up!
