https://likeaprothemes.com/themes/nowadays-multipurpose-html5-template/
Nowadays - Multipurpose HTML5 Template - Like-A-Pro themes - Premium WordPress themes 0 Home Themes Nowadays – WordPress Theme Nowadays – HTML5 Template Services Support Contact NowaDays Multipurpose HTML5 template Check it out NowaDays is powerful Multi/One-page Multipurpose WordPress Theme that helps you create Creative/Agency/Portfolio/Blog/Showcase/Whatever site to present your product or service best way. Nowadays theme comes with Visual Drag-n-Drop Page Builder, powerful Theme Options panel that will give you possibility to build your site without programming knowledge. Live Demo Purchase $30 100+ HTML5 Pages The Nowadays template include more than 100 HTML5 valid pages! 42 Portfolio layouts To demonstrate your work best way. 13 Color Schemes Or you can easily create your own! Fully Responsive & Retina Ready Rest assured that your visitors will have the best possible user experience regardless of which device they are using. Quality coded Forget about tons of 3rd-party scripts and libraries! Image & Video portfolio With Nowadays template you can present yourself best way. Template supports HTML5/Vimeo/YouTube Videos to present your work in motion. Blog share buttons To share your story with the world Awesome Parallaxes With fading, zooming, speed and other options. Easily Customizable A lot of options right in markup without programming knowledge. Smoothest Animations Smoother and faster than others! Custom Scroll To make a better perception of surfing. Working AJAX Forms To establish communication with your customers. Left/RIght Menus It's just unbelievable! Top notch customer support Our reviews speak for themselves, we have nothing to add. Perfect Design Extremely clean and simple design. Because you love the simplicity and ease, don't you? Hard Optimization Nowadays theme is optimized for best performance. It has almost no 3-rt party plugins and dependencies, so you will not have to worry about tons of updates and unnecessary stuff unlike other themes. Light & Dark Sections To create any layout you want. 70+ CSS Animations 70+ CSS Animations are included in the package. Online documentation https://likeaprothemes.com/themes/html/nowadays/docs Free Updates Buy Nowadays theme now and get lifetime updates for free. And more cool cats Inside the package... Nowadays time has come. Build your site today, not tomorrow! Purchase Now Contact Contact Privacy Policy Services Theme Setup Service Support About Like-A-Pro themes is a brand new theme factory specialized in creating adorable and functional WordPress themes. Our priority is simple: create awesome things and be the best for our customers. We're focused on performance and own solutions. We hate mainstream and plugins. We believe that most of plugins can be replaced with 15 lines of code! Proudly powered by Nowadays - WordPress Theme. Developed & Designed by like@prothemes Up!
