https://fitnessworld.ca/classes/pilates-fitness/
Pilates Classes – Near Vancouver, BC | Fitness World Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Join Now Free 3-day pass Member Login Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Member Login Join Now all you need to know about Pilates Classes Join Now View Classes Personalized, Results-Driven Pilates Classes Ready to become the strongest, leanest version of yourself? In our personalized Pilates classes, our dedicated Fitness World instructors hone in on the core elements of Pilates, delivering upbeat, dynamic exercise moves that are designed to give you all the benefits of strength training, posture work, breathing exercises, and a little bit of cardio. Everyone of all fitness levels can enjoy our Pilates classes – from beginner and intermediate, to advanced, each class offers a variety of functional exercises and moves that can be tailored to match your level of comfortability. Struggling to find time to get in a super-packed workout? Our Pilates classes occur during the week and on the weekends, so you can take a class at your convenience and never miss an hour of heart-pumping fun. Types of Pilates Classes at Fitness World Pilates Align your body and get stronger, learner muscles using the mechanics, movement sequences, trunk and pelvic stabilization, coordinated breathing, and targeted muscle contraction, all achieved in a single session. Pilates is a proven practice resulting in optimal core strength with lean and supple muscle development. CoreFirst Pilates Fusion Pump up your Pilates workouts to full blast with CoreFirst Pilates Fusion! Use the unique CoreFirst resistance tool that attaches to wrists or ankles for instant firing of the core and a Pilates Reformer style workout, available at select clubs. Join Fitness World Today! Improve upon your Pilates skills today with an elite Fitness World membership! Sign up for Fit or Goal memberships today to get unlimited access to group studio classes! Choose from Pilates classes to yoga & stretch, and more! Join Today! Find a Pilates Class Click here to see the full schedule -- Select Location -- Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook TRAIN by FW Main Street Victoria All Days MondayTuesdayWednesdayThursdayFridaySaturdaySunday Location Monday Time Class Duration Instructor Class Type Details Class Description Location Day Time Class Duration Instructor Class Type Show All Explore More Grab Your Free 3-Day Pass Want to give our Pilates class a try before you commit? Sign up for a completely free 3-day pass that will give you access to a variety of our amazing fitness amenities like state-of-the-art equipment, relaxation and recovery tools, and more! FW Online is here! Workout anytime, anywhere with our on-demand virtual fitness classes, available with select memberships in the FW Mobile App. Grab My Pass Pilates Class FAQs What is Pilates? Pilates is a form of exercise that combines strength training, stability work, and endurance training. Originally used for injury recovery, Pilates is a unique form of exercise that is uses slower, more repetitive strength training motions to lean and strengthen muscles. What are the benefits of Pilates? Pilates can be used for a variety of reasons and is the perfect, low-impact exercise for multiple times a week training. It helps with core strength, posture, pain relief, flexibility, balance and coordination, and breathing control. Can a beginner take a Pilates class? Yes! We encourage beginners to take Pilates – especially mat Pilates. Each exercise can be altered to work with your abilities. Let your instructor know that you’re a beginner and they can offer alternative move suggestions. Does Pilates help with weight loss? While you can lose weight with Pilates, it’s not recommended as the main exercise for weight loss. Pilates falls more under the strength training category and can help tone and build muscle, while also aiding in posture work. For weight loss, we recommend looking into our cardio-based classes. Join Now Free 3-day Pass Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to Clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Let's connect Download the app Copyright © 2023 Fitness World Canada. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Whoops! Please enter a valid email address. Got it
