https://www.fit4less.ca/rules-and-regulations
Rules and Regs | Fit4Less Memberships Starting at $7.99 Every 2 weeks*!JOIN NOW Skip to content Search for: Skip to content Your nearest Fit4Less gym: (Gym Name) Member Login Login to Member Portal Not a member? Join Now Search for: We Found This Location For You! East York Toronto Centre 1210 Sheppard ave east, Toronto, ON - M1T 3P4 OPEN: 24x7 +10000000000 View ClubView All Locations Gym Memberships Lock in Your Rate Free Workout Days Black Card Workout Area Black Card Benefits Locations FAQ Membership Changes Join Now Home Rules and Regs FIT4LESS® (“F4L”) Monthly Membership Giveaway (the “Giveaway”) Official Rules and Regulations (“Rules”) Participation in the Giveaway constitutes full and unconditional agreement and acceptance by each participant of the Rules, which are final on all matters relating to the Giveaway. The Giveaway is available to residents of Canada, other than residents of Quebec, who are of the age of majority in their province of residence and who are not current members of Fit4Less. By participating in this Contest and providing your contact information, you consent to Fit4Less contacting you for the purposes of this Contest, which may include promotional information about our club and services. Start and End Date The Giveaway will run each month, from the first of the month at 12:00 a.m. (local time) to the last day of the month at 11:59 p.m. (local time) (collectively referred to as the “Giveaway Period”). The first monthly Giveaway will begin April 1, 2021 and the Giveaway will run until at least December 1, 2022. Prizing One Participant will be selected each month as the Winner by random draw for the Monthly Membership Giveaway. The Prize consists of a one-year Black Card membership to F4L (retail value is $413.73 + tax and other fees*). All Winners will be required to sign a Membership Contract. All prizes must be accepted by a winning Participant as awarded, are not assignable, and cannot be exchanged or substituted or combined with any other offer. The prizes are not redeemable for cash or credit in part of whole. *all prize values reflect retail value, actual cost to F4L may be less. How to Participate To enter submit your email address on the F4L home page. Entries must complete all of the required components above in order to be accepted and entered to win the Prize. Each person submitting an entry is referred to in these Rules as a “Participant”. Entries are restricted to one entry per Participant. There is no purchase necessary to participate. How to Win The name of each valid entry (i.e., Participants who completed step 3 above) will be entered into a random draw for a chance to win the monthly Prize. At approximately 10 a.m. (local time) on the last day of the month, a random draw will take place where one (1) Participant’s name will be drawn (the “Random Draw”) to win the monthly Prize. A F4L Associate will attempt to contact the winning Participant whose entry is drawn by email, between 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. (local), for a period of two (2) days after the draw date or any further redetermination has occurred. If all conditions to receive a Prize are not completely satisfied within the time frame specified above, F4L may conduct a further random draw to determine a further potential Prize winner until the available Prizes have been awarded. Any Participant whose name is drawn for a Prize must (i) on request, review and complete the liability/publicity release attached and satisfy all applicable Rules to be eligible to receive the Prize; and (ii) correctly answer a time-limited skill-testing question. Chances of Winning Chances of winning a Prize will depend on the total number of eligible entries received during the Giveaway Period. Eligibility The Giveaway is open to legal residents of Canada, other than the residents of Quebec, who are the age of majority in their Province or Territory of residence, and who are not current members of F4L. The Giveaway is NOT open to employees, representatives or agents of F4L, it’s subsidiaries, affiliates, franchisees, advertising and promotional agents, or members of their respective families, and persons with whom they are domiciled. F4L shall have the right at any time to require proof of identity and or/eligibility to participate in the Giveaway, which includes proof of vaccine as required by the provincial government. Failure to provide such proof may result in disqualification. All personal and other information requested by and supplied to F4L for the purpose of the Giveaway must be truthful, complete, accurate and in no way misleading. F4L reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any entrant should such an entrant at any stage supply untruthful, incomplete, inaccurate or misleading personal details and/or information or who fails to comply with these Rules. General Rules F4L reserves the right to terminate, cancel, suspend and/or modify the Giveaway without liability and without prior notice if any factor interferes with its operation as contemplated by these Rules, including but not limited to any fraud, virus or other technical problem which corrupts the administration, security, or proper operation of the Giveaway. F4L is not responsible for theft, defects, and human errors including negligence, which may result in the failure of F4L to award a Prize. By participating in the Giveaway, Participants: (a) agree to comply with and be bound by these Rules and the decisions of F4L, which shall be binding and final in all respects; (b) release F4L from all liability, loss, harm, damages, cost or expense arising out of participation in the Giveaway, participation in any Giveaway-related activity or the acceptance, use, or misuse of a Prize, including but not limited to costs, injuries, losses related to personal injuries, death, damage to, loss or destruction of property, rights of publicity or privacy, defamation, or portrayal in a false light, or from any and all claims of third parties arising therefrom, or in connection with the awarding, receipt, possession, use and/or misuse of a Prize; (c) grant to F4L the unrestricted right, in F4L’s sole discretion, to produce, reproduce, publish, broadcast, communicate by telecommunication, exhibit, distribute, adapt and otherwise use or re-use the winning Participant’s name, photograph, likeness, voice and biography, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, in connection with the Giveaway and the promotion and exploitation thereof; (d) grant to F4L the right to use his/her name, mailing address, telephone number, and e-mail address (“Personal Information”) for the purpose of administering the Giveaway, including but not limited to contacting and announcing the winner and agree to be contacted by F4L by mail, telephone and/or email; (e) grant to F4L the right to use his/her Personal Information for publicity and promotional purposes relating to the Giveaway, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, without further compensation unless prohibited by law; (f) acknowledges that F4L may disclose his/her Personal Information to third-party agents and service providers of F4L in connection with any of the activities listed in (d) and (e) above; and (g) acknowledges that F4L makes no warranty, representation, or guarantee, expressed or implied, in fact or in law, relative to any Prize, and disclaims all liability for the provision, quality or nature of any third-party products or services provided to a Prize winner. F4L reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any Participant found to be: (a) violating the Giveaway Rules; (b) tampering or attempting to tamper with the entry process or the operation of the Giveaway; and/or (c) acting in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner, or with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other person. F4L assumes no responsibility or liability for lost, late, unintelligible/illegible, falsified, damaged, misdirected or incomplete entries, notifications, responses, replies or any release, or for any computer, online, software, telephone, hardware or technical malfunctions that may occur, including but not limited to malfunctions that may affect the transmission or non-transmission of an entry. F4L is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by website users or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Giveaway or by any technical or human error which may occur in the administration of the Giveaway. F4L assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, entries. F4L is not responsible for any problems, failures or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers, providers, computer equipment, software, e-mail, players, or browsers, on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet, at any website, or on account of any combination of the foregoing. F4L is not responsible for any injury or damage to Participants or to any computer related to or resulting from participating or downloading materials in this Giveaway. Participant assumes liability for injuries caused or claimed to be caused by participating in the Giveaway, or by the acceptance, possession, use of, or failure to receive a Prize. F4L assumes no responsibility or liability in the event that the Giveaway cannot be conducted as planned for any reason, including those reasons beyond the control of F4L, such as infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, or corruption of the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of the Giveaway. The Giveaway is void where prohibited by law and is subject to all applicable federal, provincial and municipal laws and regulations. All incidental costs and expenses not specifically referred to herein, including but not limited to taxes, (other than GST or HST and PST where applicable which are included in the Prizes), are the sole responsibility of winners. No cash or other substitution may be made, except by F4L, who reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to substitute a Prize with another prize of greater or equal value in the event that a Prize is unavailable or cannot otherwise be awarded as described. Any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Giveaway, or a Prize awarded, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action. Claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, including costs associated with entering this Giveaway, but in no event legal fees or disbursements. Except where prohibited, all issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Rules, or the rights and obligations of the Participant and F4L in connection with the Giveaway, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules. Should any provision of these Rules be deemed unenforceable or invalid, the other provisions of these Rules shall remain in full force and effect. F4L’s failure to enforce any provision of these Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that or any other provision. Each Winner will be required to sign F4L’s form of Declaration of Compliance and Release which confirms compliance with the rules and releases F4L from all liability with respect to the Participant’s participation in this Giveaway and the awarding, use and misuse of a Prize. The executed declaration of compliance and release must be returned within two (2) business days of the verification as a Winner or the selected entrant may be disqualified and the Prize forfeited. All intellectual property, including but not limited to trade-marks, trade names, logos, designs, promotional materials, web pages, source code, drawings, illustrations, slogans and representations are owned by F4L and/or its respective affiliates as applicable. All rights are reserved. Unauthorized copying or use of any copyrighted material or intellectual property without the express written consent of its owner is strictly prohibited. FIT4LESS® (“F4L”) Black Card Members Monthly Giveaway (the “Giveaway”) Official Rules and Regulations (“Rules”) Participation in the Giveaway constitutes full and unconditional agreement and acceptance by each participant of the Rules, which are final on all matters relating to the Giveaway. The Giveaway is available to residents of Canada, other than residents of Quebec, who are of the age of majority in their province of residence and who are Black Card Members of Fit4Less. Start and End Date The Giveaway will run each month, from the first of the month at 12:00 a.m. (local time) to the last day of the month at 11:59 p.m. (local time) (collectively referred to as the “Giveaway Period”). The first monthly Giveaway will begin September 1, 2022 and the Giveaway will continue until discontinued by Fit4Less, at its sole discretion. Prizing At least five (5) Black Card Members (referred to hereon out as the “Participants”) will be selected each month as a winner by random draw for a monthly prize. The Prizes will vary from iPads and Beatz headphones to TVs and Apple Watches, etc. (retail value of the prizes range from $800 to $900). All prizes must be accepted by a winning Participant as awarded, are not assignable, and cannot be exchanged or substituted or combined with any other offer. The prizes are not redeemable for cash or credit in part of whole. Prizes must be claimed by the named winner within 48 hours of being selected, otherwise another name will be randomly drawn and the prize awarded accordingly. *all prize values reflect retail value, actual cost to F4L may be less. How to Participate Black Card Members will automatically be entered for a chance to win. No other action required. Entries are restricted to one per Participant. There is no purchase necessary to participate. How to Win The name of each Black Card Member will be automatically entered into a random monthly draw for a chance to win one of the monthly Prizes. At approximately 10 a.m. (local time) on the first business day of the month, a random draw will take place where at least five (5) Participant’s name will be drawn (the “Random Draw”) to win a Prize. A F4L Associate will attempt to contact the winning Participant whose entry is drawn by email and/or via social media, between 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. (local), for a period of two (2) days after the draw date or any further redetermination has occurred. If all conditions to receive a Prize are not completely satisfied within the time frame specified above, F4L may conduct a further random draw to determine a further potential Prize winner until the available Prizes have been awarded. Any Participant whose name is drawn for a Prize must (i) on request, review and complete the Declaration attached, satisfy all applicable Rules to be eligible to receive the Prize; as well as correctly answer a time-limited skill-testing question. Chances of Winning Chances of winning a monthly Prize will depend on the total number of eligible entries (Black Card Members) each month. Eligibility The Giveaway is open to legal residents of Canada, other than the residents of Quebec, who are the age of majority in their Province or Territory of residence, and who are a Black Card Member of F4L. The Giveaway is NOT open to employees, representatives or agents of F4L, it’s subsidiaries, affiliates, franchisees, advertising and promotional agents, or members of their respective families, and persons with whom they are domiciled. F4L shall have the right at any time to require proof of identity and or/eligibility to participate in the Giveaway. Failure to provide such proof may result in disqualification. All personal and other information requested by and supplied to F4L for the purpose of the Giveaway must be truthful, complete, accurate and in no way misleading. F4L reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any entrant should such an entrant at any stage supply untruthful, incomplete, inaccurate or misleading personal details and/or information or who fails to comply with these Rules. General Rules F4L reserves the right to terminate, cancel, suspend and/or modify the Giveaway without liability and without prior notice at its sole discretion and if any factor interferes with its operation as contemplated by these Rules, including but not limited to any fraud, virus or other technical problem which corrupts the administration, security, or proper operation of the Giveaway. F4L is not responsible for theft, defects, and human errors including negligence, which may result in the failure of F4L to award a Prize. By participating in the Giveaway, Participants: (a) agree to comply with and be bound by these Rules and the decisions of F4L, which shall be binding and final in all respects; (b) release F4L from all liability, loss, harm, damages, cost or expense arising out of participation in the Giveaway, participation in any Giveaway-related activity or the acceptance, use, or misuse of a Prize, including but not limited to costs, injuries, losses related to personal injuries, death, damage to, loss or destruction of property, rights of publicity or privacy, defamation, or portrayal in a false light, or from any and all claims of third parties arising therefrom, or in connection with the awarding, receipt, possession, use and/or misuse of a Prize; (c) grant to F4L the unrestricted right, in F4L’s sole discretion, to produce, reproduce, publish, broadcast, communicate by telecommunication, exhibit, distribute, adapt and otherwise use or re-use the winning Participant’s name, photograph, likeness, voice and biography, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, in connection with the Giveaway and the promotion and exploitation thereof; (d) grant to F4L the right to use his/her name, mailing address, telephone number, and e-mail address (“Personal Information”) for the purpose of administering the Giveaway, including but not limited to contacting and announcing the winner and agree to be contacted by F4L by mail, telephone and/or email; (e) grant to F4L the right to use his/her Personal Information for publicity and promotional purposes relating to the Giveaway, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, without further compensation unless prohibited by law; (f) acknowledges that F4L may disclose his/her Personal Information to third-party agents and service providers of F4L in connection with any of the activities listed in (d) and (e) above; and (g) acknowledges that F4L makes no warranty, representation, or guarantee, expressed or implied, in fact or in law, relative to any Prize, and disclaims all liability for the provision, quality or nature of any third-party products or services provided to a Prize winner. F4L reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any Participant found to be: (a) violating the Giveaway Rules; (b) tampering or attempting to tamper with the entry process or the operation of the Giveaway; and/or (c) acting in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner, or with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other person. F4L assumes no responsibility or liability for lost, late, unintelligible/illegible, falsified, damaged, misdirected or incomplete entries, notifications, responses, replies or any release, or for any computer, online, software, telephone, hardware or technical malfunctions that may occur, including but not limited to malfunctions that may affect the transmission or non-transmission of an entry. F4L is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by website users or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Giveaway or by any technical or human error which may occur in the administration of the Giveaway. F4L assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, entries. F4L is not responsible for any problems, failures or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers, providers, computer equipment, software, e-mail, players, or browsers, on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet, at any website, or on account of any combination of the foregoing. F4L is not responsible for any injury or damage to Participants or to any computer related to or resulting from participating or downloading materials in this Giveaway. Participant assumes liability for injuries caused or claimed to be caused by participating in the Giveaway, or by the acceptance, possession, use of, or failure to receive a Prize. F4L assumes no responsibility or liability in the event that the Giveaway cannot be conducted as planned for any reason, including those reasons beyond the control of F4L, such as infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, or corruption of the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of the Giveaway. The Giveaway is void where prohibited by law and is subject to all applicable federal, provincial and municipal laws and regulations. All incidental costs and expenses not specifically referred to herein, including but not limited to taxes, (other than GST or HST and PST where applicable which are included in the Prizes), are the sole responsibility of winners. No cash or other substitution may be made, except by F4L, who reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to substitute a Prize with another prize of greater or equal value in the event that a Prize is unavailable or cannot otherwise be awarded as described. Any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Giveaway, or a Prize awarded, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action. Claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, including costs associated with entering this Giveaway, but in no event legal fees or disbursements. Except where prohibited, all issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Rules, or the rights and obligations of the Participant and F4L in connection with the Giveaway, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules. Should any provision of these Rules be deemed unenforceable or invalid, the other provisions of these Rules shall remain in full force and effect. F4L’s failure to enforce any provision of these Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that or any other provision. Each Winner will be required to sign F4L’s form of Declaration of Compliance and Release which confirms compliance with the rules and releases F4L from all liability with respect to the Participant’s participation in this Giveaway and the awarding, use and misuse of a Prize. The executed declaration of compliance and release must be returned within two (2) business days of the verification as a Winner or the selected entrant may be disqualified and the Prize forfeited. All intellectual property, including but not limited to trade-marks, trade names, logos, designs, promotional materials, web pages, source code, drawings, illustrations, slogans and representations are owned by F4L and/or its respective affiliates as applicable. All rights are reserved. Unauthorized copying or use of any copyrighted material or intellectual property without the express written consent of its owner is strictly prohibited. FIT4LESS® (“F4L”) Monthly Membership Giveaway (the “Giveaway”) Official Rules and Regulations (“Rules”) Participation in the Giveaway constitutes full and unconditional agreement and acceptance by each participant of the Rules, which are final on all matters relating to the Giveaway. The Giveaway is available to residents of Canada, other than residents of Quebec, who are of the age of majority in their province of residence and who are not current members of Fit4Less. By participating in this Contest and providing your contact information, you consent to Fit4Less contacting you for the purposes of this Contest, which may include promotional information about our club and services. Start and End Date The Giveaway will run each month, from the first of the month at 12:00 a.m. (local time) to the last day of the month at 11:59 p.m. (local time) (collectively referred to as the “Giveaway Period”). The first monthly Giveaway will begin January, 2022 and the Giveaway will continue until discontinued by Fit4Less, at its sole discretion. Prizing One Participant will be selected each month as the Winner by random draw for the Monthly Membership Giveaway. The Prize consists of a one-year Black Card membership to F4L (retail value is $413.73 + tax and other fees*). All Winners will be required to sign a Membership Contract. All prizes must be accepted by a winning Participant as awarded, are not assignable, and cannot be exchanged or substituted or combined with any other offer. The prizes are not redeemable for cash or credit in part of whole. *all prize values reflect retail value, actual cost to F4L may be less. How to Participate To enter submit your email address on the F4L Free Workout Days page. Entries must complete all of the required components above in order to be accepted and entered to win the Prize. Each person submitting an entry is referred to in these Rules as a “Participant”. Entries are restricted to one entry per Participant. There is no purchase necessary to participate. How to Win The name of each valid entry (i.e., Participants who completed step 3 above) will be entered into a random draw for a chance to win the monthly Prize. At approximately 10 a.m. (local time) on the first business day of the month, a random draw will take place where one (1) Participant’s name will be drawn (the “Random Draw”) to win the monthly Prize. A F4L Associate will attempt to contact the winning Participant whose entry is drawn by email, between 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. (local), for a period of three (3) days after the draw date or any further redetermination has occurred. If all conditions to receive a Prize are not completely satisfied within the time frame specified above, F4L may conduct a further random draw to determine a further potential Prize winner until the available Prizes have been awarded. Any Participant whose name is drawn for a Prize must (i) on request, review and complete the liability/publicity release attached and satisfy all applicable Rules to be eligible to receive the Prize; and (ii) correctly answer a time-limited skill-testing question. Chances of Winning Chances of winning a Prize will depend on the total number of eligible entries received during the Giveaway Period. Eligibility The Giveaway is open to legal residents of Canada, other than the residents of Quebec, who are the age of majority in their Province or Territory of residence, and who are not current members of F4L. The Giveaway is NOT open to employees, representatives or agents of F4L, it’s subsidiaries, affiliates, franchisees, advertising and promotional agents, or members of their respective families, and persons with whom they are domiciled. F4L shall have the right at any time to require proof of identity and or/eligibility to participate in the Giveaway, which includes proof of vaccine as required by the provincial government. Failure to provide such proof may result in disqualification. All personal and other information requested by and supplied to F4L for the purpose of the Giveaway must be truthful, complete, accurate and in no way misleading. F4L reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any entrant should such an entrant at any stage supply untruthful, incomplete, inaccurate or misleading personal details and/or information or who fails to comply with these Rules. General Rules F4L reserves the right to terminate, cancel, suspend and/or modify the Giveaway without liability and without prior notice if any factor interferes with its operation as contemplated by these Rules, including but not limited to any fraud, virus or other technical problem which corrupts the administration, security, or proper operation of the Giveaway. F4L is not responsible for theft, defects, and human errors including negligence, which may result in the failure of F4L to award a Prize. By participating in the Giveaway, Participants: (a) agree to comply with and be bound by these Rules and the decisions of F4L, which shall be binding and final in all respects; (b) release F4L from all liability, loss, harm, damages, cost or expense arising out of participation in the Giveaway, participation in any Giveaway-related activity or the acceptance, use, or misuse of a Prize, including but not limited to costs, injuries, losses related to personal injuries, death, damage to, loss or destruction of property, rights of publicity or privacy, defamation, or portrayal in a false light, or from any and all claims of third parties arising therefrom, or in connection with the awarding, receipt, possession, use and/or misuse of a Prize; (c) grant to F4L the unrestricted right, in F4L’s sole discretion, to produce, reproduce, publish, broadcast, communicate by telecommunication, exhibit, distribute, adapt and otherwise use or re-use the winning Participant’s name, photograph, likeness, voice and biography, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, in connection with the Giveaway and the promotion and exploitation thereof; (d) grant to F4L the right to use his/her name, mailing address, telephone number, and e-mail address (“Personal Information”) for the purpose of administering the Giveaway, including but not limited to contacting and announcing the winner and agree to be contacted by F4L by mail, telephone and/or email; (e) grant to F4L the right to use his/her Personal Information for publicity and promotional purposes relating to the Giveaway, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, without further compensation unless prohibited by law; (f) acknowledges that F4L may disclose his/her Personal Information to third-party agents and service providers of F4L in connection with any of the activities listed in (d) and (e) above; and (g) acknowledges that F4L makes no warranty, representation, or guarantee, expressed or implied, in fact or in law, relative to any Prize, and disclaims all liability for the provision, quality or nature of any third-party products or services provided to a Prize winner. F4L reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any Participant found to be: (a) violating the Giveaway Rules; (b) tampering or attempting to tamper with the entry process or the operation of the Giveaway; and/or (c) acting in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner, or with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other person. F4L assumes no responsibility or liability for lost, late, unintelligible/illegible, falsified, damaged, misdirected or incomplete entries, notifications, responses, replies or any release, or for any computer, online, software, telephone, hardware or technical malfunctions that may occur, including but not limited to malfunctions that may affect the transmission or non-transmission of an entry. F4L is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by website users or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Giveaway or by any technical or human error which may occur in the administration of the Giveaway. F4L assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, entries. F4L is not responsible for any problems, failures or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers, providers, computer equipment, software, e-mail, players, or browsers, on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet, at any website, or on account of any combination of the foregoing. F4L is not responsible for any injury or damage to Participants or to any computer related to or resulting from participating or downloading materials in this Giveaway. Participant assumes liability for injuries caused or claimed to be caused by participating in the Giveaway, or by the acceptance, possession, use of, or failure to receive a Prize. F4L assumes no responsibility or liability in the event that the Giveaway cannot be conducted as planned for any reason, including those reasons beyond the control of F4L, such as infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, or corruption of the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of the Giveaway. The Giveaway is void where prohibited by law and is subject to all applicable federal, provincial and municipal laws and regulations. All incidental costs and expenses not specifically referred to herein, including but not limited to taxes, (other than GST or HST and PST where applicable which are included in the Prizes), are the sole responsibility of winners. No cash or other substitution may be made, except by F4L, who reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to substitute a Prize with another prize of greater or equal value in the event that a Prize is unavailable or cannot otherwise be awarded as described. Any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Giveaway, or a Prize awarded, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action. Claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, including costs associated with entering this Giveaway, but in no event legal fees or disbursements. Except where prohibited, all issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Rules, or the rights and obligations of the Participant and F4L in connection with the Giveaway, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules. Should any provision of these Rules be deemed unenforceable or invalid, the other provisions of these Rules shall remain in full force and effect. F4L’s failure to enforce any provision of these Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that or any other provision. Each Winner will be required to sign F4L’s form of Declaration of Compliance and Release which confirms compliance with the rules and releases F4L from all liability with respect to the Participant’s participation in this Giveaway and the awarding, use and misuse of a Prize. The executed declaration of compliance and release must be returned within two (2) business days of the verification as a Winner or the selected entrant may be disqualified and the Prize forfeited. All intellectual property, including but not limited to trade-marks, trade names, logos, designs, promotional materials, web pages, source code, drawings, illustrations, slogans and representations are owned by F4L and/or its respective affiliates as applicable. All rights are reserved. Unauthorized copying or use of any copyrighted material or intellectual property without the express written consent of its owner is strictly prohibited. FIT4LESS® (“F4L”) Membership Giveaway (the “Giveaway”) Official Rules and Regulations (“Rules”) Participation in the Giveaway constitutes full and unconditional agreement and acceptance by each participant of the Rules, which are final on all matters relating to the Giveaway. The Giveaway is available to residents of Canada, other than residents of Quebec, who are of the age of majority in their province of residence and who are not current members of Fit4Less. By participating in this Contest and providing your contact information, you consent to Fit4Less contacting you for the purposes of this Contest, which may include promotional information about our club and services. Start and End Date The Giveaway will start on November 27th 12:00 a.m. (local time) and will end on December 8th at 11:59 p.m. (local time) (collectively referred to as the “Giveaway Period”). Prizing One Participant will be selected as the Winner by random draw for the Membership Giveaway. The Prize consists of a one-year Black Card membership to F4L (retail value is $413.73 + tax and other fees*). The Winner will be required to sign a Membership Contract. The prize must be accepted by a winning Participant as awarded, is not assignable, and cannot be exchanged or substituted or combined with any other offer. The prize is not redeemable for cash or credit in part of whole. *all prize values reflect retail value, actual cost to F4L may be less. How to Participate To enter submit your email address on the F4L Black Card Membership Giveaway page. Entries must complete all of the required components above in order to be accepted and entered to win the Prize. Each person submitting an entry is referred to in these Rules as a “Participant”. Entries are restricted to one entry per Participant. There is no purchase necessary to participate. How to Win The name of each valid entry (i.e., Participants who completed step 3 above) will be entered into a random draw for a chance to win the Prize. At approximately 10 a.m. (local time) on December 11th, a random draw will take place where one (1) Participant’s name will be drawn (the “Random Draw”) to win the Prize. A F4L Associate will attempt to contact the winning Participant whose entry is drawn by email, between 9:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. (local), for a period of two (2) days after the draw date or any further redetermination has occurred. If all conditions to receive a Prize are not completely satisfied within the time frame specified above, F4L may conduct a further random draw to determine a further potential Prize winner until the available Prizes have been awarded. Any Participant whose name is drawn for a Prize must (i) on request, review and complete the liability/publicity release attached and satisfy all applicable Rules to be eligible to receive the Prize; and (ii) correctly answer a time-limited skill-testing question. Chances of Winning Chances of winning a Prize will depend on the total number of eligible entries received during the Giveaway Period. Eligibility The Giveaway is open to legal residents of Canada, other than the residents of Quebec, who are the age of majority in their Province or Territory of residence, and who are not current members of F4L. The Giveaway is NOT open to employees, representatives or agents of F4L, it’s subsidiaries, affiliates, franchisees, advertising and promotional agents, or members of their respective families, and persons with whom they are domiciled. F4L shall have the right at any time to require proof of identity and or/eligibility to participate in the Giveaway, which includes proof of vaccine as required by the provincial government. Failure to provide such proof may result in disqualification. All personal and other information requested by and supplied to F4L for the purpose of the Giveaway must be truthful, complete, accurate and in no way misleading. F4L reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any entrant should such an entrant at any stage supply untruthful, incomplete, inaccurate or misleading personal details and/or information or who fails to comply with these Rules. General Rules F4L reserves the right to terminate, cancel, suspend and/or modify the Giveaway without liability and without prior notice if any factor interferes with its operation as contemplated by these Rules, including but not limited to any fraud, virus or other technical problem which corrupts the administration, security, or proper operation of the Giveaway. F4L is not responsible for theft, defects, and human errors including negligence, which may result in the failure of F4L to award a Prize. By participating in the Giveaway, Participants: (a) agree to comply with and be bound by these Rules and the decisions of F4L, which shall be binding and final in all respects; (b) release F4L from all liability, loss, harm, damages, cost or expense arising out of participation in the Giveaway, participation in any Giveaway-related activity or the acceptance, use, or misuse of a Prize, including but not limited to costs, injuries, losses related to personal injuries, death, damage to, loss or destruction of property, rights of publicity or privacy, defamation, or portrayal in a false light, or from any and all claims of third parties arising therefrom, or in connection with the awarding, receipt, possession, use and/or misuse of a Prize; (c) grant to F4L the unrestricted right, in F4L’s sole discretion, to produce, reproduce, publish, broadcast, communicate by telecommunication, exhibit, distribute, adapt and otherwise use or re-use the winning Participant’s name, photograph, likeness, voice and biography, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, in connection with the Giveaway and the promotion and exploitation thereof; (d) grant to F4L the right to use his/her name, mailing address, telephone number, and e-mail address (“Personal Information”) for the purpose of administering the Giveaway, including but not limited to contacting and announcing the winner and agree to be contacted by F4L by mail, telephone and/or email; (e) grant to F4L the right to use his/her Personal Information for publicity and promotional purposes relating to the Giveaway, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, without further compensation unless prohibited by law; (f) acknowledges that F4L may disclose his/her Personal Information to third-party agents and service providers of F4L in connection with any of the activities listed in (d) and (e) above; and (g) acknowledges that F4L makes no warranty, representation, or guarantee, expressed or implied, in fact or in law, relative to any Prize, and disclaims all liability for the provision, quality or nature of any third-party products or services provided to a Prize winner. F4L reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any Participant found to be: (a) violating the Giveaway Rules; (b) tampering or attempting to tamper with the entry process or the operation of the Giveaway; and/or (c) acting in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner, or with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other person. F4L assumes no responsibility or liability for lost, late, unintelligible/illegible, falsified, damaged, misdirected or incomplete entries, notifications, responses, replies or any release, or for any computer, online, software, telephone, hardware or technical malfunctions that may occur, including but not limited to malfunctions that may affect the transmission or non-transmission of an entry. F4L is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by website users or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Giveaway or by any technical or human error which may occur in the administration of the Giveaway. F4L assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, entries. F4L is not responsible for any problems, failures or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers, providers, computer equipment, software, e-mail, players, or browsers, on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet, at any website, or on account of any combination of the foregoing. F4L is not responsible for any injury or damage to Participants or to any computer related to or resulting from participating or downloading materials in this Giveaway. Participant assumes liability for injuries caused or claimed to be caused by participating in the Giveaway, or by the acceptance, possession, use of, or failure to receive a Prize. F4L assumes no responsibility or liability in the event that the Giveaway cannot be conducted as planned for any reason, including those reasons beyond the control of F4L, such as infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, or corruption of the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of the Giveaway. The Giveaway is void where prohibited by law and is subject to all applicable federal, provincial and municipal laws and regulations. All incidental costs and expenses not specifically referred to herein, including but not limited to taxes, (other than GST or HST and PST where applicable which are included in the Prizes), are the sole responsibility of winners. No cash or other substitution may be made, except by F4L, who reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to substitute a Prize with another prize of greater or equal value in the event that a Prize is unavailable or cannot otherwise be awarded as described. Any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Giveaway, or a Prize awarded, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action. Claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, including costs associated with entering this Giveaway, but in no event legal fees or disbursements. Except where prohibited, all issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Rules, or the rights and obligations of the Participant and F4L in connection with the Giveaway, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules. Should any provision of these Rules be deemed unenforceable or invalid, the other provisions of these Rules shall remain in full force and effect. F4L’s failure to enforce any provision of these Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that or any other provision. Each Winner will be required to sign F4L’s form of Declaration of Compliance and Release which confirms compliance with the rules and releases F4L from all liability with respect to the Participant’s participation in this Giveaway and the awarding, use and misuse of a Prize. The executed declaration of compliance and release must be returned within two (2) business days of the verification as a Winner or the selected entrant may be disqualified and the Prize forfeited. All intellectual property, including but not limited to trade-marks, trade names, logos, designs, promotional materials, web pages, source code, drawings, illustrations, slogans and representations are owned by F4L and/or its respective affiliates as applicable. All rights are reserved. Unauthorized copying or use of any copyrighted material or intellectual property without the express written consent of its owner is strictly prohibited. The Fit4Less purpose is to give every person in Canada the opportunity to live a fit and healthy good life. Fit4Less makes high quality fitness affordable and provides more people in Canada the opportunity to achieve their health and fitness goals. About Locations Careers FAQ Holiday Hours Know Your Club Privacy Policy Rules and Regs Sitemap Terms of Use Membership Changes Copyright 2023 Fit4Less. All rights reserved × Sign Into My Account Username Type a Password Remember me forgot my password Don't have an account? Sign Up × Are you sure? Lock in Your Rate now and you'll never have to worry about your rates increasing as long as you stay a member. Only $9.95+tax every 3 months. LOCK IN MY RATE Yes, I'm sure × Are you sure you don’t want YANGA Sports Water? You’ll receive a FREE water bottle! Stay hydrated with vitamin infused sports water during your workout. YANGA WATER Yes, I'm sure × Upgrade to a Black Card Access to ALL locations, unlimited hydro massage bed and massage chair use, monthly giveaways, and more! Upgrade No, thanks × Limited Time PROMO Join with a Black Card membership at this location until September 30th for your chance to WIN a $250 membership credit! *Conditions apply. See Rules and Regs for details. Select Black Card No, thanks × Hold tight! It looks like you’ve already submitted a request. Please wait while the first request is processed. Please note: Your membership contract may take some time to process but it will be sent shortly.
