https://416fitnessclub.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions - 416 Fitness Club Skip to content We are delivering our fitness and nutrition coaching online to stop the spread of COVID-19. Learn More More Info Schedule Pricing Drop In Programs Group Training Personal Training Nutrition Online Training Blog Free Intro Menu More Info Schedule Pricing Drop In Programs Group Training Personal Training Nutrition Online Training Blog Free Intro Terms & Conditions 416 – Terms & Conditions Please take a moment to review the terms and conditions of your membership. You will also find important information to help get the most out of your experience with us. We are so excited to be on this fitness journey with you. Membership Holds Members must notify us in advance if they would like their membership to be put on hold. Viable reasons for a hold include: injury, extended vacation, etc. Holds can be set for a minimum of 14 days and maximum of 3 months. Holds cannot be retroactively set. To place a membership on hold, please fill out form with the requested hold dates and confirmation that the following conditions are understood: 1. All holds must have a definitive start and end date. End dates can be extended or terminated early if necessary. 2. The minimum hold period is 14 days 3. The maximum hold period is 3 months 4. There are no retroactive holds. You must notify us in advance if you wish to place your membership on hold. 5. If you do not return to the gym after your set end date and do not contact us to extend your hold, your membership will resume and no refunds will be issued. 6. Members can request up to 2 holds per year. No restriction to downgrades of classes. 7. When a hold is applied, it pushes out the billing/ renewal date. For example, the billing date was the first of every month. Hold applied on the 10th , for 14 days (the 23rd it ends), making the 24th date of return – new billing date will be the 13th of the next month. This gives you the same amount of days in which to use your classes. Click here for the form, or it can be found on our website. Alternatively consider changing your class membership while you are away. There is no limit to upgrades and downgrades on classes. Upgrades/Downgrades Membership downgrade requests must be made at least 1 week before renewal. This is to ensure we have enough time to set up, process and ensure you are not overbilled. Membership upgrade requests can be made at any time. However, will be applied to the next billing cycle. If you run out of classes early, no problem we can start your next membership early! Email: info@416fitnessclub.com Class Registration and Signing In Members must sign up for the class they want to attend in advance using Wodify. If the class is full, you can reserve a spot on the waitlist. If a spot opens up prior to the class, you will get an email notification and then you will need to log into your Wodify and reserve your spot. You will not be automatically added from the Waitlist to the class. Upon arrival for a class, please ensure you are signing yourself in. You can do this on the WODIFY APP on your phone. You can also ask your coach to sign you in. Reserving your spot for class and canceling a reservation – Class reservations open up 48 hours before that class time, and you can reserve until up to 10 minutes before class starts – 5:30, 6:30 & 7:30 am classes can be canceled without penalty up to 9:30pm the night before – Noon, 4:30, 5:30, 6:30 & 7:30 pm classes can be canceled without penalty up to 2 hours before – Weekend classes 9 & 10 am can be canceled without penalty up to 6 am that morning We understand life happens. And we want to make sure everyone can get in their fitness. Some of our peak classes have waitlists and large last minute cancellations resulting in available spots once class starts, and some of your fitfam missing out on fitness. Late cancellations will result in that class being counted towards your membership. A “No Show” will result in a $20 fee being applied to your account. Membership Refunds There will be no retroactive refunds issued to any members. Terminating your membership Please send us the membership cancellation form at least 14 days before your membership renews. Cancelling your membership with less than 14 days notice will be subject to a $50 late cancellation fee. We do not provide refunds. Click here for the cancel membership form, or it can be found on our website. Bike Policy ● We have wall-hooks where bikes must be stored during class. Once full, bikes can be locked to the fence outside. No bikes are to be stored in the gym during class unless they are on the designated hooks. 416 Fitness Club is not responsible for the damage to, theft, or loss of bikes stored in or outside of the gym. ● Bikes cannot be stored at the gym overnight. Dog Policy We do allow members to bring their dogs into the gym while they workout, however we do ask that the following guidelines are followed and 416 Fitness Club reserves the right to ask you to remove your dog at any time. – No barking – No whining – No biting – All dogs must be on a leash and tied up by the bikes – Coaches are not responsible for watching your dog Referral Program Members who tell a family member, friend or colleague who is interested in joining CrossFit about 416 Fitness Club will be offered a referral program that benefits both the member and their referral. Members will receive a 50% discount on their monthly membership fee, for one month for any referral who purchases a Hybrid membership. The referral will also receive a 50% discount on their first month’s membership. Note: The Basics program is excluded from this discount. General Gym Guidelines and Curtesy Standards We take pride in our space, and hope you do too. Please help us keep things tidy and take care of equipment. We love dropping heavy weights, however, some create safety hazards or will damage the equipment. Please do not drop: – Empty barbells – Barbell with big metal plates, or only the little change plates – Barbell with only 10/15 pound plates – KBS – DB’s Gym Attire 416 Fitness Club is a safe space for all. Both for hygiene and comfort level of all members: – Please wear indoor shoes, especially when the weather gets wetter and colder – We are a shirts on gym – No Headphones – Limit Phone use (taking video of your movement is always welcome) We will always do our best to start and end classes on time. Please do yours to be on- time for your session. Our Coaches work hard to provide you a stellar experience and we don’t want you to miss a thing. Use WODIFY WODIFY does more than let you book your classes. Enter your scores, see your progress and visit the leaderboard and even encourage other members! Need help, click here for some WODIFY Support. Pre & Post WOD You are welcome to sit at the bar at the front desk. Or if there is space to the side of the class stretch or roll. Just ensure you are not interrupting class. Class has priority just as you would want for your class. Client Check Ins Your membership includes more than your daily trips to the gym. We want to ensure you are continuously working your way towards your health and fitness goals. Your member experience should leave you feeling challenged, excited and accomplished. As an added benefit to your membership we provide quarterly check in. In this check in we will review your goals and map out a plan to help you get there! Click this link to book. Annual Increase Memberships & Personal Training rates are subject to a 3% increase January 1 of each year. Who to contact? If you have any questions or concerns please feel free to reach out to us at: info@416fitnessclub.com Head Coach & General Manager Megs@416fitnessclub.com 416 Fitness Club – Personal Training Terms & Conditions Congratulations – you’ve taken the first step – a commitment to working towards the best version of yourself. We’re so excited to help you crush your goals! Before starting, please read over our Personal Training Terms and Conditions: 1. Your Coach will be ready for your scheduled appointment. We have a 24 hour cancellation/reschedule policy. Personal Training sessions that are not rescheduled or canceled 24 hours in advance will result in the loss of the session. Contact your Coach directly if rescheduling of a session is needed. 2. Clients arriving late will receive the remaining scheduled session time, unless other arrangements have been previously made with your Coach. 3. Your Personal Training sessions are a membership. Upon completion of the last session in the month, your new set of sessions will auto charge. 4. No personal training refunds will be issued for any reason, including but not limited to relocation, illness, and unused sessions. 5. If you would like to cancel your Personal Training membership, please email info@416fitnessclub.com, 2 weeks prior to your last session. Who to contact? If you have any questions or concerns please feel free to reach out to us at: info@416fitnessclub.com Head Coach & General Manager Megs@416fitnessclub.com I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the terms and conditions outlined above. CONTACT (416) 901-0416 info@416fitnessclub.com 390 Queens Quay West Unit 112 Toronto, ON M5V 3A6 Facebook-f Instagram Click here to schedule a Free Intro. During your intro, we'll make a plan to help you reach your goals. BOOK A FREE INTRO Schedule Pricing Terms & Conditions Hold Cancellation Privacy Schedule Pricing Terms & Conditions Hold Cancellation Privacy A Kilo website. All rights reserved fill out the form below to get started! Take the first step towards getting the results you want!
