https://www.fitnessworld.ca/blog/fitnessworld-in-south-surrey/
The Hottest Gym to Hit the Market - South Surrey - Fitness World Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Join Now Free 3-day pass Member Login Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Member Login Join Now The Hottest Gym to Hit the Market – South Surrey July 17, 2023 Written by Fitness World Welcome to South Surrey Signature! One of Fitness World’s latest and greatest gyms, located at 26th Avenue, South Surrey, inside the Shops at Morgan Crossing. This 40,000-square-foot state-of-the-art fitness center has everything you need to complete the perfect workout. From ten new Olympic lifting platforms to a spacious training area, workout class studio, and more, no workout day will be the same. Discover all South Surrey has to offer its members, including ample amenities, a team of experienced and knowledgeable personal trainers, a range of energy-intensive fitness classes, and a Normatec compression massager. Try a free 3-day pass at South Surrey Signature to see the difference and experience a workout at our new Fitness World gym. What Amenities Can You Enjoy at South Surrey? As a Fitness World Signature Gym, South Surrey members can access premium amenities, such as studio classes, child minding, tanning, lifting platforms, and more. All ages and levels of training have something they can enjoy, encouraging and developing a better mind and body. Our staff is available to support and motivate you to get the most out of every gym day and meet your fitness goals. Child Minding Enjoy your workout and have peace of mind knowing your children are in a safe and enjoyable place with our child minding services. During child minding, children are free to play and use their imagination in a clean, supervised environment. Focus on your goals, we’ve got the kids covered. Class Studio South Surrey’s designated workout studio provides unlimited fitness classes. Enjoy classes like yoga, strength, cardio, and cycling, to name a few. Our workouts are developed by experienced trainers and challenge you to push yourself, while building muscle, endurance, flexibility, and more. Try something new by taking a ‘Body in Balance’ class focusing on a dynamic fusion of Pilates, yoga, strength, and stretch sequences. No matter what type of workout you seek, there is a class for you. HydroMassage Wind down after a tough workout and recover with a state-of-the-art HydroMassage. Take 15 -30 minutes for yourself and let your body fully relax in our HydroMassage chairs. Create a custom experience by controlling your desired amount of pressure, speed, and areas of focus to give you the exact massage you need. We all deserve to benefit from HydroMassage therapy. Normatec Add high-tech recovery tools like our Normatec air compression boots to your post-workout recovery routine. Feel fresher faster, as these excellent compression boots quickly get your sore muscles back into shape. Olympic Lifting Platforms South Surrey’s impressive ten new Olympic lifting platforms are protected areas where members can work on their strength training. So do those deadlifts, place those heavily loaded barbells on the ground, and enjoy these superb surfaces to perform all your Olympic weightlifting exercises. PT Zone Our exceptional personal trainers are here to help you expand your workout style and encourage you to meet your lifestyle and fitness goals. With a broad background in experience and specialties, our trainers will customize your holistic fitness routine based on the five pillars of fitness: nutrition, mobility, cardio, resistance training, and support. Tanning Look as good as you feel with Fitness World’s tanning services. We offer vertical tanning systems that use SmartLampsTM that give an immediate and lasting bronze for a better tan with fewer tanning sessions. Infrared Light Therapy New at our South Surrey Signature gym is full body infrared light therapy. This device emits infrared light which is designed to reduce joint pain, relax muscles, and increase blood flow. A quick 10-15 minutes added to your recovery routine is all you need to benefit any symptomatic areas. Visit South Surrey Signature Gym Today Reach your fitness goals at South Surrey’s Signature Gym. Become a GOAL member today and get access to all South Surrey has to offer! Our friendly, knowledgeable staff and trainers, ample amenities, and high-tech equipment are ready for you. There’s never been a better time than the present to begin your fitness journey with Fitness World’s South Surrey S Join Now Free 3-day Pass Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to Clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Let's connect Download the app Copyright © 2023 Fitness World Canada. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Whoops! Please enter a valid email address. Got it
