https://bc.ctvnews.ca/the-great-summer-melt-off-at-fitness-world-1.5525103
The Great Summer Melt Off at Fitness World | CTV News Skip to main content Live VANCOUVER Search CTVNews.ca Search News Latest News B.C. News Weather Sports CTV's Community Heroes Real Estate News BTS Podcast Riverview in Focus The Last Word Other pages Traffic Contests Community Host Toy Mountain BCLIquor BC Cancer Tour de Cure Fields to Forks Our Community Sunshine Coast Health Centre CTV Morning Live Cook Off Inside Education Video Latest All Video CTV News Live Video Help Shows News Programs CTV Morning Live CTV News at Noon CTV News at Five CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 About Who We Are About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Email Alerts FAQs Social Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Local Other Cities Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kingston Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Nanaimo Newfoundland and Labrador Northern Ontario Ottawa Pembroke Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Sault Ste. Marie Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Search CTVNews.ca Search Vancouver The Great Summer Melt Off at Fitness World VANCOUVER - The past year has been full of obstacles and pivots for the fitness industry. The team at Fitness World has had to navigate class restrictions, closures and openings due to COVID-19. CEO Chris Smith says he is extremely proud of his team and its accomplishments as the company celebrates its one-year anniversary. In that time, staff have helped more than 25,000 Canadians get access to affordable fitness to reach their goals. Fitness World is encouraging people to get back to the gym to melt off the stress and anxiety of the past year and a half. The Great Summer Melt Off is underway and is an excellent opportunity to jump start fitness goals. Fitness World is offering in-club membership offers, personal training specials and opportunities to win exciting prizes. It's partnered with local brands like Woodlot, Legends Haul and Lolë. There is much to celebrate along with the anniversary as high-intensity group classes have returned. On CTV Morning Live, fitness director Ingrid Knight-Cohee showcased some exercises from the WORX. The WORX is a small-group training program available with select Fitness World memberships. It involves high-intensity interval training and allows people to be motivated by their peers. Every class is guided by a certified leader who can provide encouragement and proper instruction. Fitness World has added to its extensive amenities. Hydromassage is a brand new way to relax and recover after a workout. Unlimited sessions are included with select memberships. To learn more about the offerings at Fitness World check out the full videos from CTV Morning Live. Website Facebook Twitter Instagram Shopping Trends The Shopping Trends team is independent of the journalists at CTV News. We may earn a commission when you use our links to shop. Read about us. Deals It's Officially Cyber Monday — Here Are The Best Deals On Things Under $25 It's Cyber Monday On Amazon Canada — Here Are 60+ Of The Best Deals Cyber Monday Starts Tomorrow, But You Can Already Take Advantage Of These 90+ Deals In Canada Editor's Picks Here Are The Best Deodorants You Can Get Online Right Now The Best Powder And Liquid Highlighters You Can Get Online Right Now Streaming Devices That’ll Turn Your Regular TV Into A Smart TV Gifts Here Are The Gifts Your Best Friend Actually Wants Here Are The Gifts The Kids In Your Life Actually Want 21 Amazon Canada Stocking Stuffers Under $10 That Everyone Will Love Home These 12 Aesthetically-Pleasing Home Products Made Me Want To Makeover My Entire House We Tested Out the Best Affordable Blenders, and Here Are Our Honest Opinions Our Guide to the Best Electric Snow Blowers in Canada in 2023 (And Where to Get Them) Vancouver Top Stories BREAKING BREAKING | B.C. boy dies by suicide after online sextortion: RCMP Police watchdog called in after man seriously injured in fall from Granville Street Bridge 'Thought it was a glitch': B.C. lotto winner shocked by number of zeroes Sooke man who claimed stranger attacked his dog charged with mischief, causing suffering to animal Landslide closes section of Stanley Park seawall Saanich police seek masked man after convenience store robbery B.C. in court against pharma companies in bid to certify opioid class-action lawsuit Largest First Nation in B.C. votes to take over child and family services for its members CTVNews.ca Top Stories Fourth victim confirmed dead in Winnipeg shooting Winnipeg police have confirmed a fourth person is dead after a shooting on Langside Street over the weekend. Investigators have yet to make an arrest but say the suspect is considered dangerous. 4 victims killed in Huntsville, Ont. collision were Chinese citizens, officials confirm Four of the victims killed in a two-vehicle collision in Muskoka late Saturday night were Chinese citizens, officials have confirmed. BREAKING BREAKING | B.C. boy dies by suicide after online sextortion: RCMP Mounties in northern British Columbia are investigating after a 12-year-old boy died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound following an apparent case of online sextortion. Warning: This story is about a child who died by suicide and may be distrubing to readers. The Last of Us named the 'largest series ever filmed in Canada' The monumental effort it took to bring the first season of The Last of Us to the small screen paid off big time for Alberta, a new report says. BREAKING BREAKING | Israel and Hamas agree to extend truce for two more days, and free more hostages and prisoners Israel and Hamas agreed to extend their ceasefire for two more days past Monday, the Qatari government said, bringing the prospect of a longer halt to their deadliest and most destructive war and further exchanges of militant-held hostages for Palestinians imprisoned by Israel. Danielle Smith's Alberta sovereignty act plans expected to be unveiled Monday Alberta's premier is expected to reveal on Monday her plans to invoke her government's sovereignty act over the federal 2035 target for a net-zero electricity grid. What is the grocery code of conduct, and will it help to lower the cost of food? Canada's grocery code of conduct is in the final stages with advocates saying it would help lower food prices while big grocers say it won't. B.C. in court against pharma companies in bid to certify opioid class-action lawsuit B.C. Attorney General Niki Sharma says a court hearing today in Vancouver represents a “new step” in the battle against opioid makers and marketers as the province seeks to certify a class action on behalf of other Canadian governments. Montreal police investigating after 'Molotov cocktail' thrown at Jewish centre Montreal police are investigating after an incendiary object was allegedly thrown against the door of a Jewish community centre early Monday morning, hours after two federal MPs attended a meeting inside the building. Vancouver Island Sooke man who claimed stranger attacked his dog charged with mischief, causing suffering to animal Mounties say a 32-year-old man from Sooke, B.C., has been charged after he falsely reported that a stranger attacked his dog with a blunt weapon. BREAKING BREAKING | B.C. boy dies by suicide after online sextortion: RCMP Mounties in northern British Columbia are investigating after a 12-year-old boy died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound following an apparent case of online sextortion. Warning: This story is about a child who died by suicide and may be distrubing to readers. Saanich police seek masked man after convenience store robbery Police in Saanich are searching for a suspect after a 7-Eleven convenience store was robbed Friday evening. Calgary The Last of Us named the 'largest series ever filmed in Canada' The monumental effort it took to bring the first season of The Last of Us to the small screen paid off big time for Alberta, a new report says. Danielle Smith's Alberta sovereignty act plans expected to be unveiled Monday Alberta's premier is expected to reveal on Monday her plans to invoke her government's sovereignty act over the federal 2035 target for a net-zero electricity grid. Woman found shot in southeast Calgary Calgary police are investigating after a woman was found shot on Monday morning. Edmonton Domestic abuse shelters in Alberta report 10-year high in number of calls for help The Alberta Council of Women's Shelters says domestic violence is on the rise in the province. Danielle Smith's Alberta sovereignty act plans expected to be unveiled Monday Alberta's premier is expected to reveal on Monday her plans to invoke her government's sovereignty act over the federal 2035 target for a net-zero electricity grid. Drugs believed to be factor in fatal crash on Highway 28 Highway 28 in Vilna was closed Saturday afternoon after a fatal crash involving three vehicles. Toronto BREAKING BREAKING | Province takes over Gardiner Expressway, DVP for control over Ontario Place in new deal with Toronto The Doug Ford government will take responsibility for the Gardiner Expressway and the Don Valley Parkway from Toronto, potentially saving the city billions of dollars. 4 victims killed in Huntsville, Ont. collision were Chinese citizens, officials confirm Four of the victims killed in a two-vehicle collision in Muskoka late Saturday night were Chinese citizens, officials have confirmed. Bag with more than $300K in jewelry stolen from parked vehicle in Toronto, police say Police are making a public appeal for information after a bag containing more than $300,000 worth of jewellry was stolen from a parked vehicle in Rexdale last month. Montreal Montreal police investigating after 'Molotov cocktail' thrown at Jewish centre Montreal police are investigating after an incendiary object was allegedly thrown against the door of a Jewish community centre early Monday morning, hours after two federal MPs attended a meeting inside the building. Police officer struck by car on Hwy. 15 in Laval during pursuit A 24-year-old police officer is suffering from serious injuries after a vehicle struck him on Highway 15 in Laval early Monday morning. 25,000 Quebec professional workers adopt strike mandate Some 25,000 Quebec government professionals are now taking their turn to adopt a strike mandate to be called at the appropriate time. Winnipeg Fourth victim confirmed dead in Winnipeg shooting Winnipeg police have confirmed a fourth person is dead after a shooting on Langside Street over the weekend. Investigators have yet to make an arrest but say the suspect is considered dangerous. Winnipeg woman searching for accidentally donated diplomas A Winnipeg woman is asking for help after an act of generosity turned into an unexpected loss. Manitoba MLAs honoured as first First Nations women in cabinet Two Manitoba cabinet ministers have been honoured by the Indigenous community for their place in history. Saskatoon Sask. man gets prison time for paying daughter's friend, 14, to have sex on camera A Saskatoon judge says a man who paid his daughter’s 14-year-old friend to have sex with him and recorded it on video is likely to re-offend. After predicting a surplus, Sask. now forecasts a $251M deficit After predicting a surplus of $736 million, the Saskatchewan government is now forecasting a deficit of $250.5 million in its mid-year financial report released on Monday. Sask. MLA apologizes for liking Instagram post linked to controversial chant Jennifer Bowes, the NDP MLA for Saskatoon University, issued an apology after liking a social media post which included the chant “From the river to the sea.” Regina After predicting a surplus, Sask. now forecasts a $251M deficit After predicting a surplus of $736 million, the Saskatchewan government is now forecasting a deficit of $250.5 million in its mid-year financial report released on Monday. Sask. MLA apologizes for liking Instagram post linked to controversial chant Jennifer Bowes, the NDP MLA for Saskatoon University, issued an apology after liking a social media post which included the chant “From the river to the sea.” Sask. man gets prison time for paying daughter's friend, 14, to have sex on camera A Saskatoon judge says a man who paid his daughter’s 14-year-old friend to have sex with him and recorded it on video is likely to re-offend. Atlantic Weather warnings in effect as fall storm moves through the Maritimes It will be a messy evening across the Maritimes on Monday. A large area of low pressure and associated weather fronts continues to bring a mix of snow and rain, along with high and gusty winds. 2 people from Africa charged following N.B. RCMP online exploitation investigation Two people from Cote D'Ivoire, Africa, are facing charges following an investigation into online exploitation in New Brunswick. Radon testing increases after N.B. woman shares story of cancer diagnosis There’s been an increase in the number of New Brunswickers requesting at-home radon testing kits after a Havelock woman shared the link between her cancer diagnosis and high radon levels found within her home London Youth charged after incident at Medway High School Shortly before 12 p.m. on Nov. 24, police received a report of a disturbance involving a student at Medway High School on Medway Road. Police looking for additional victims of possible sexual assault Investigators believe that there may be additional victims and are appealing to members of the public to contact them if they have any information in relation to this investigation. Fire crews tackle west London, Ont. homeless encampment blaze No injuries were reported after a fire broke out at a small homeless encampment in west London late Monday morning. Northern Ontario Employee of Sudbury business charged with stealing $712K from employer A now former employee with a Sudbury business has been charged with fraud and is accused of stealing from their employer over a period of seven years. Investigators head to scene of plane crash in Wawa, Ont. Few details have been released, but the Transportation Safety Board has sent a team of investigators to northern Ontario following a crash on Monday. 4 teens, 1 woman killed in crash in Huntsville, Ont. Five people are dead, including four teens between 15 and 17 years-old, after a late-night crash in the Town of Huntsville. Kitchener Police release images in connection to Fairview Park Mall jewelry store robbery Waterloo regional police are investigating a jewelry store robbery at Fairview Park Mall. Up to 15 cm of snow possible in Waterloo-Wellington Monday The first big snowfall of the season is expected to hit the area Monday. Five taken to hospital after Wellington County crash Five people were taken to hospital, including one in critical condition, after a crash east of Hillsburgh on Wellington Road 22 Sunday, police said. Stay Connected Search CTV News Advertise on CTVNews.ca Political Ads Registry About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Editorial Standards & Policies Contact Us CTV News App Video Help Accessibility Shopping Trends Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news Subscribe to newsletter CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period CTV News Channel Local News Atlantic Barrie Calgary Edmonton Guelph Kitchener Lethbridge London Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Prince Albert Red Deer Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Vancouver Island Windsor Winnipeg Yorkton © 2023 All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
