https://www.fitnessworld.ca/train/
Train by FW - Fitness World TRAIN by FW A NEW PERSONAL TRAINING GYM NOW OPEN ON MAIN STREET Join Now! Join Now Boutique fitness without the price. $21.99 BI-WEEKLY TRAIN by FW is an exclusive studio concept from Fitness World designed to get you to your goals with space for solo workouts, personal training and small group training. Unlimited access to TRAIN by FW studios is included with Fitness World GOAL memberships, so you can get the boutique experience without the price. Our space is also open to independent trainers looking for a top-tier facility to service their clients. Become a Founding Member TRAIN works for your workout TRAIN is for everyone and every workout. Fitness World’s Goal membership gets you access to our new studio space that gives you the flexibility and convenience to TRAIN your way. TRAIN SOLO Headphones in, head down. TRAIN’s semi-private studio space is perfect for the lone ranger. Get in, get it done, get out. TRAIN 1-ON-1 Push through plateaus and reach new heights with support and guidance from a Personal Trainer. Train harder and train smarter with a trainer. TRAIN TOGETHER THE WORX Small Group Training for 50 minutes of HIIT circuit training. Designed to build muscle, burn fat and guaranteed to make you sweat. Join Today! Now Open at Main & 33rd! We’re proud to bring TRAIN by FW to the Riley Park neighbourhood! Our first studio is located on Main Street between 33rd and 32nd ave and offers over 2,000 square feet of functional training space. We’ll have everything you need for a great workout, with select cardio machines, lifting platform, squat rack, and hand-picked strength machines to give you a top-tier experience. For sneak peeks and behind-the-scenes, follow us on Instagram @trainbyfw . View Location A membership at TRAIN gets you access to: TRAIN by FW & 15 Fitness World locations Functional Fitness Space & Machines Lifting Platforms & Squat Racks Mobile App & Digital Support Unlimited Small Group Training Plus get all the perks of a GOAL Fitness World Membership! Access to 15 Fitness World Clubs Unlimited Guest Privileges Group Fitness Classes 24/7 Online Fitness Child Minding HydroMassage Hot/Cold Loungers Normatec Compression Hyperice Recovery Tools Tanning Online Nutrition Support Complimentary Goal Session *Amenities vary by location Join Our Email List. Excited about TRAIN? We are too! Fill out the form below to be among the first to receive breaking information about our new TRAIN space, and so much more! Join our mailing list today! Train - Email Signup Get on the list Name* Email* Phone By clicking submit, you agree to receive texts and email from Fitness World about exclusive events, promotions and news. Msg and data rates may apply. You may opt out at any time. View privacy policy. Join the TRAIN Team We empower trainers to run a successful business. Train who you want, when you want. As an independent trainer, rent space at TRAIN and get access to a top-tier facility, cutting edge equipment and technology, plus get all the perks of being part of the Fitness World fit fam. LEARN MORE ABOUT RENTAL SPACE A studio concept brought to you by Memberships Rental Space for Trainers Join Now Locations Train By FW Rental Space for Trainers Join Now Train By FW Let's connect Download the app Copyright © 2023 Fitness World Canada. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Whoops! Please enter a valid email address. Got it
