https://www.goodmorningamerica.com/culture/story/travis-kelce-apologizes-taylor-swifts-dad-missing-high-104927699
Travis Kelce jokes about missing Taylor Swift's dad's high-five: 'I apologize big guy' - Good Morning America The best essentials for holiday entertaining! Open menu Video Shop Culture Family Wellness Food Living Style Travel News Book Club GMA3: WYNTK Newsletter Privacy Policy Your US State Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Do Not Sell My Info Contact Us © 2023 ABC News Search Culture Travis Kelce jokes about missing Taylor Swift's dad's high-five: 'I apologize big guy' 0:26 Taylor Swift changes lyrics to 'Karma' and Travis Kelce has amazing reaction Gotham/GC Images via Getty Images ByShafiq Najib November 15, 2023, 6:47 pm Travis Kelce is addressing his encounter with Taylor Swift's dad, Scott Swift, during a viral moment over the weekend. During his new "New Heights" podcast episode that he hosts with his brother, Jason Kelce, a center for the Philadelphia Eagle, the Kansas City tight end discussed his attendance at Taylor Swift's Buenos Aires concert in Argentina on Saturday when the singer changed her lyrics to her tune "Karma" by adding a nod to the NFL player onstage. The "Midnights" singer referenced Travis when belting out the versus "Karma is the guy on the Chiefs, coming straight home to me," instead of the original line, "Karma is the guy on the screen, coming straight home to me." MORE: Travis Kelce, Jason Kelce release Christmas duet, 'Fairytale of Philadelphia': Listen here In a video captured by a fan obtained by ABC News, Travis can be seen missing a high five invite from Scott Swift while the two were standing next to each other in what appeared to be a VIP tent at the concert. While playing the clip during their podcast session, Jason confronted Travis about the interaction, saying, "You also left Scott hanging." In response, Travis said, "Yeah, Mr. Swift, I apologize big guy and I missed that." "I never miss a high-five too. Big high-five guy. It's the most electric thing you can do at an event, so sorry, Mr. Swift," he added. Last weekend marked another appearance by Travis and Taylor Swift who have been spotted spending time together recently although the pair has not confirmed their relationship status to the public. Editor’s Picks Taylor Swift changes lyrics to 'Karma,' adding nod to Travis Kelce Nov 12, 2023 Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce share a kiss after her Buenos Aires concert Nov 12, 2023 Watch video of Travis, Jason Kelce recording holiday song together Nov 15, 2023 In September, the two were also seen driving away in a convertible that Travis called a "getaway car," alluding to the singer's 2017 song of the same name after Swift made a surprise appearance at Kansas City's Arrowhead Stadium. Reflecting on recent life events on the "New Heights" podcast in the same month, Travis said at the time, "I'm enjoying life and I sure as hell enjoyed this weekend." Related Topics Taylor Swift Editor’s Picks Taylor Swift changes lyrics to 'Karma,' adding nod to Travis Kelce Nov 12, 2023 Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce share a kiss after her Buenos Aires concert Nov 12, 2023 Watch video of Travis, Jason Kelce recording holiday song together Nov 15, 2023 Up Next in Culture— Dana Carvey says 32-year-old son Dex died of 'accidental drug overdose' November 17, 2023 Ed Sheeran, Elton John and Keith Urban unite for Foy Vance's 'Guiding Light' November 17, 2023 Shakira's tax fraud trial: Breaking down the details November 17, 2023 Vanna White on her partnership with Pat Sajak, favorite part about 'Wheel of Fortune' November 17, 2023 Shop Holiday Digital Deals ABC will receive a commission for purchases made through these links. The latest lifestyle and entertainment news and inspiration for how to live your best life - all from Good Morning America. Contests Terms of Use Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Info Children’s Online Privacy Policy Advertise with us Your US State Privacy Rights Interest-Based Ads About Nielsen Measurement Press Feedback ABC News ABC All Videos All Topics Sitemap © 2023 ABC News Privacy Policy— Your US State Privacy Rights— Children's Online Privacy Policy— Interest-Based Ads— Terms of Use— Do Not Sell My Info— Contact Us— © 2023 ABC News
