https://www.apple.com/ca/watch/
Watch - Apple (CA) Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ Apple Watch Series 9 New Apple Watch Ultra 2 New Apple Watch SE Apple Watch Nike New Apple Watch Hermès New Apple Watch Studio Compare Bands AirPods Accessories Apple Fitness+ watchOS 10 Shop Watch Get a $70 Apple Gift Card when you buy an eligible Apple Watch.† Offer ends tonight. Shop now Apple Watch Get 3 months of Apple Fitness+ when you buy any Apple Watch.1 Shop Apple Watch Apple Watch Series 9 Smarter. Brighter. Mightier. Buy Learn more Watch the film Apple Watch Ultra 2 Next‑level adventure. Buy Learn more Apple Watch SE A great deal to love. Buy Learn more Carbon Neutral A first for Apple Watch. And Apple. Learn how Which Apple Watch is right for you? Apple Watch SE All the essentials. Light on price. Buy Learn more 44mm or 40mm aluminum case size Carbon-neutral combinations available2 Retina display Up to 1000 nits S8 SiP Siri Find iPhone High and low heart rate notifications Irregular rhythm notifications3 Low cardio fitness notifications Cycle Tracking4 Emergency SOS5 International emergency calling6 Fall Detection and Crash Detection5 50m Water resistant Swimproof7 GPS Available cellular connectivity8 Supports Family Setup (GPS + Cellular models) Connect family members who don’t have an iPhone9 Up to 18 hours10 Low Power Mode +4 more New Apple Watch Series 9 Powerful sensors, advanced health features. Buy Learn more 45mm or 41mm aluminum or stainless steel case size Carbon-neutral combinations available2 Always-On Retina display Up to 2000 nits S9 SiP Double tap gesture Faster on-device Siri Precision Finding for iPhone Blood Oxygen app11 ECG app12 High and low heart rate notifications Irregular rhythm notifications3 Low cardio fitness notifications Temperature sensing13 Cycle Tracking with retrospective ovulation estimates4 Emergency SOS5 International emergency calling6 Fall Detection and Crash Detection5 50m Water resistant Swimproof14 GPS Available cellular connectivity8 Supports Family Setup (GPS + Cellular models) Connect family members who don’t have an iPhone9 Up to 18 hours15 Up to 36 hours in Low Power Mode15 Fast charging16 New Apple Watch Ultra 2 The most rugged and capable. Buy Learn more 49mm titanium case size Carbon-neutral combinations available2 Always-On Retina display Up to 3000 nits S9 SiP Double tap gesture Faster on-device Siri Precision Finding for iPhone Blood Oxygen app11 ECG app12 High and low heart rate notifications Irregular rhythm notifications3 Low cardio fitness notifications Temperature sensing13 Cycle Tracking with retrospective ovulation estimates4 Emergency SOS5 International emergency calling6 Fall Detection and Crash Detection5 Siren 100m Water resistant Swimproof17 High‑speed water sports Recreational dive to 40m Precision dual-frequency GPS Cellular connectivity8 Supports Family Setup (GPS + Cellular models) Connect family members who don’t have an iPhone9 Up to 36 hours18 Up to 72 hours in Low Power Mode18 Fast charging19 Compare all models Shop Apple Watch Wonder awaits. Give the gifts they’ve been looking forward to all year. Shop Family Setup Your family joined at the wrist. Now family members who don’t have an iPhone can stay in touch with Apple Watch. Learn more Shop Apple Watch Family Setup One iPhone makes everyone's Apple Watch tick. Family Setup Modal With Family Setup, everyone in the family, like your kids and older adults, can have an Apple Watch. Even those who don’t have their own iPhone yet. It’s all the connectivity, wellness, and safety features you love, for everyone you love. Fun and independence for them. Peace of mind for you. Pairing is caring. Family Setup lets you pair watches for your children and older family members to your iPhone. Everyone gets their own phone number, and you can manage each watch using the Apple Watch app on your iPhone. A great call for kids. With Family Setup, kids get to experience many of the capabilities of Apple Watch. They can stay in touch with the people you approve, by calling and texting. And have fun streaming music and downloading apps. You can also schedule Schooltime to limit Apple Watch features when they need to focus. Even the Activity rings have been rethought to better reflect how they exercise — tracking Move minutes instead of active calories. And with location sharing, you’ll get alerts when kids get home or aren’t where they’re expected to be. A smart call for older adults. Apple Watch can open up a whole new world for older family members. They get the same connectivity benefits of Apple Watch, like calling, texting and location sharing to stay close to the family. And if they need it, they can make the text larger or bolded. Safety features. Apple Watch comes with important safety features like fall detection which can detect if your loved ones have taken a hard fall. If it senses they're immobile, Emergency SOS will connect them with emergency services — even if they haven't signed up for a cellular plan. They can also get help in an emergency — all over the world by simply pressing and holding the side button. Health features. Apple Watch can alert family members if it detects unusually high or low heart rates, as well as measure their current heart rate. And all the Activity goals, including Stand hours and Exercise minutes, can be customized to a level that works for older family members. Apple Fitness Plus From HIIT to Meditation, there’s something for everyone. Try it free1 Learn more Get credit toward a new Apple Watch.20 With Apple Trade In, just give us your eligible Apple Watch and get credit for a new one. It’s good for you and the planet. Find your trade‑in value Apple Watch Studio Any case. Any band. Any style you want. Create your style Why Apple Watch It’s the ultimate device for a healthy life. Learn more watchOS 10 Everything you love. Like never before. Learn more Apple Watch essentials Set your watch to stylish. Shop the latest bands Magic runs in the family. Explore all AirPods models and find the best ones for you. Learn more Fast delivery or pickup Enjoy two-hour delivery from the Apple Store in most metro areas, free delivery or easy pickup.◊ Learn more Financing Pay over time with monthly instalments. Financing details, including Quebec Get help buying Have a question? Call a Specialist or chat online. Call 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE. Contact us Get more out of Apple Watch Apple One Bundle up to six Apple services. And enjoy more for less. Try it free21 Learn more Apple Music Over 100 million songs. Start listening for free today. Try it free22 Learn more Health app See more of yourself in Health. Learn more Apple Footer † Offer valid on qualifying purchases of eligible Apple products from November 24, 2023, to November 27, 2023, at a qualifying location. Offer subject to availability. Qualifying purchases can receive a discount equal to the value of the eligible Apple Gift Card off the price of the eligible product and will be charged for all items at checkout, including the Apple Gift Card. Customers purchasing eligible iPhones via carrier financing are eligible to receive an eligible Apple Gift Card. This offer cannot be combined with the Apple Employee Purchase Plan, or education or business loyalty pricing. Some methods of payment are not accepted under this offer. See checkout for details. Additional restrictions apply. View full terms and conditions of offer here. ◊ $13.00 two-hour delivery on eligible Apple products in most metros. Offer is not available on customized Mac, engraved products, and for certain order types including orders paid for with financing or by bank transfer. Delivery times vary according to your selected delivery address, availability of your items and the time of day you place your order. Find a store to view local store hours or see checkout for estimated delivery. A signature is required for delivery. Drivers may ask for verbal confirmation of receipt from a safe distance to satisfy the signature requirement. Apple Fitness+ requires iPhone 8 or later or Apple Watch Series 3 or later paired with iPhone 6s or later. New subscribers only. $12.99/month after trial. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Terms apply. Learn more at apple.com/ca/2030. Irregular rhythm notification requires the latest version of watchOS and iOS. It is not intended for use by people under 22 years old or those who have been previously diagnosed with atrial fibrillation (AFib). Cycle Tracking app should not be used for birth control or to diagnose a health condition. Emergency SOS requires a cellular connection or Wi-Fi calling with an internet connection from your Apple Watch or nearby iPhone. Requires Apple Watch Series 7, SE, Ultra or later. For a list of supported countries and regions, see apple.com/ca/watchos/feature-availability. Apple Watch SE has a water-resistance rating of 50 metres under ISO standard 22810:2010. This means that it may be used for shallow-water activities like swimming in a pool or ocean. Apple Watch SE should not be used for scuba diving, waterskiing or other activities involving high-velocity water or submersion below shallow depth. Water resistance is not a permanent condition and can diminish over time. For additional information see support.apple.com/en-ca/HT205000. Wireless service plan required for cellular service. Contact your service provider for more details. Connection may vary based on network availability. Check apple.com/ca/watch/cellular for participating wireless carriers and eligibility. See support.apple.com/en-ca/HT207578 for additional setup instructions. Not all features will be available if the Apple Watch is set up through Family Setup. Wireless service plan required for cellular service. Contact your service provider for more details. Check apple.com/ca/watch/cellular for participating wireless carriers and eligibility. All-day battery life is based on the following use: 90 time checks, 90 notifications, 45 minutes of app use, and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 18 hours; Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS) usage includes connection to iPhone via Bluetooth during the entire 18-hour test; Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS + Cellular) usage includes a total of 4 hours of LTE connection and 14 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 18 hours. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2022 using preproduction Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS) and Apple Watch SE (2nd generation) (GPS + Cellular), each paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software. Battery life varies by use, configuration, cellular network, signal strength and many other factors; actual results will vary. Blood Oxygen app is for wellness purposes only and not for medical use. ECG app is available on Apple Watch Series 4 and later (excluding Apple Watch SE) and can generate an ECG similar to a single-lead electrocardiogram. Intended for use by people 22 years old and over. The temperature sensing feature is not intended for medical use. Apple Watch Series 9 has a water-resistance rating of 50 metres under ISO standard 22810:2010. This means that it may be used for shallow-water activities like swimming in a pool or ocean. However, Apple Watch Series 9 should not be used for scuba diving, waterskiing or other activities involving high-velocity water or submersion below shallow depth. Water resistance is not a permanent condition and can diminish over time. For additional information see support.apple.com/en-ca/HT205000. All-day battery life is based on the following use: 90 time checks, 90 notifications, 45 minutes of app use, and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 18 hours; Apple Watch Series 9 (GPS) usage includes connection to iPhone via Bluetooth during the entire 18-hour test; Apple Watch Series 9 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes a total of 4 hours of LTE connection and 14 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 18 hours. Battery life in Low Power Mode is based on the following use: 180 time checks, 180 notifications, 90 minutes of app use, and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 36 hours; Apple Watch Series 9 (GPS) usage includes connection to iPhone via Bluetooth during the entire 36-hour test; Apple Watch Series 9 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes on-demand LTE connection and 28 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 36 hours. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2023 using preproduction Apple Watch Series 9 (GPS) and Apple Watch Series 9 (GPS + Cellular), each paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software. Battery life varies by use, configuration, cellular network, signal strength and many other factors; actual results will vary. Charge times are from 0–80% and 0–100% using the included Apple Watch Magnetic Fast Charging USB-C Cable. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2023 using preproduction Apple Watch Series 9 (GPS) and Apple Watch Series 9 (GPS + Cellular), each paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software, Apple Watch Magnetic Fast Charging USB-C Cable (Model A2515) and Apple 20W USB-C Power Adapter (Model A2305). Charge time varies with region, settings and environmental factors; actual results will vary. Apple Watch Ultra 2 has a water-resistance rating of 100 metres under ISO standard 22810. It may be used for recreational scuba diving (with compatible third-party app from the App Store) to 40 metres and high-speed water sports. Apple Watch Ultra 2 should not be used for diving below 40 metres. Water resistance is not a permanent condition and can diminish over time. For additional information see support.apple.com/en-ca/HT205000. All-day battery life is based on the following use: 180 time checks, 180 notifications, 90 minutes of app use, and a 60-minute workout with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 36 hours; Apple Watch Ultra 2 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes a total of 8 hours of LTE connection and 28 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 36 hours. Battery life in Low Power Mode is based on the following use: 360 time checks, 360 notifications, 180 minutes of app use, and two 60-minute workouts with music playback from Apple Watch via Bluetooth, over the course of 72 hours; Apple Watch Ultra 2 (GPS + Cellular) usage includes on-demand LTE connection and 60 hours of connection to iPhone via Bluetooth over the course of 72 hours. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2023 using preproduction Apple Watch Ultra 2 (GPS + Cellular) paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software. Battery life varies by use, configuration, cellular network, signal strength and many other factors; actual results will vary. Charge times are from 0–80% and 0–100% using the included Apple Watch Magnetic Fast Charging USB-C Cable. Testing conducted by Apple in August 2023 using preproduction Apple Watch Ultra 2 (GPS + Cellular) paired with an iPhone; all devices tested with prerelease software, Apple Watch Magnetic Fast Charging USB-C Cable (Model A2515) and Apple 20W USB-C Power Adapter (Model A2305). Charge time varies with region, settings and environmental factors; actual results will vary. Trade‑in value based on an Apple Watch Series 8 Stainless Steel 45MM Cellular in good condition. Trade‑in values will vary based on the condition, year and configuration of your eligible trade‑in device. Not all devices are eligible for credit. You must be at least 18 years old to be eligible for credit or to trade in for an Apple Gift Card. Trade‑in value may be applied toward qualifying new device purchase, or added to an Apple Gift Card. Actual value awarded is based on receipt of a qualifying device matching the description provided when estimate was made. Sales tax may be assessed on full value of a new device purchase. In‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Offer may not be available in all stores, and may vary between in‑store and online trade‑in. Some stores may have additional requirements. Apple or its trade‑in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit quantity of any trade‑in transaction for any reason. More details are available from Apple’s trade‑in partner for trade‑in and recycling of eligible devices. Restrictions and limitations may apply. The Apple One free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. New subscribers only. $10.99/month after free trial. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Case and band combinations can be made within collections (Apple Watch and Apple Watch Hermès) only. Apple Watch Ultra 2, Apple Watch Series 9 and Apple Watch SE require iPhone Xs or later with iOS 17 or later. Features are subject to change. Some features, applications and services may not be available in all regions or all languages. View complete list. Bands subject to availability. Apple Fitness+ classes are taught in English with an option for subtitles in French, Spanish, German, Italian, Russian and Brazilian Portuguese.  Apple Watch Shop and Learn Shop and Learn + Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Apple Wallet Apple Wallet + Wallet Apple Pay Account Account + Manage Your Apple ID Apple Store Account iCloud.com Entertainment Entertainment + Apple One Apple TV+ Apple Music Apple Arcade Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Podcasts Apple Books App Store Apple Store Apple Store + Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Apple Camp Apple Store App Certified Refurbished Apple Trade In Financing Order Status Shopping Help For Business For Business + Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education For Education + Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare For Healthcare + Apple in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone Apple Values Apple Values + Accessibility Education Environment Privacy Supplier Responsibility About Apple About Apple + Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
