https://416fitnessclub.com/what-if-im-not-ready-to-come-back-to-the-gym/
What if I’m Not Ready to Come Back to the Gym? - 416 Fitness Club Skip to content We are delivering our fitness and nutrition coaching online to stop the spread of COVID-19. Learn More More Info Schedule Pricing Drop In Programs Group Training Personal Training Nutrition Online Training Blog Free Intro Menu More Info Schedule Pricing Drop In Programs Group Training Personal Training Nutrition Online Training Blog Free Intro HERE'S WHAT'S HAPPENING IN OUR COMMUNITY! What if I’m Not Ready to Come Back to the Gym? May 27, 2020 We’re not far off from re-opening, or we’re still really far….. No-one really knows at this point as the interpretation of the guidelines are more confusing than calculus. As restrictions are lifted there is still a high level of caution from some and that is totally understandable. Just like respecting the social distancing guidelines, we now need to respect the decisions of those who aren’t quite ready to resume normal life. Whether you’re ready to come back to the gym or not, fitness and your well-being should still remain a top priority. The components to improving and maintaining your fitness and health have not changed and we are even better equipped now to do it while at home. What are you working towards? This doesn’t have to be a grandiose goal. But a specific goal will go a long way in motivating you to complete your workouts, eat better, sleep more, and stress less. This can include improving your golf game, losing 5lbs-10lbs, running 10km, or getting stronger. Maybe you thought COVID-19 would blow over and have put off prioritizing your health and fitness. Whatever it is, your goals do not have to wait for the gym to re-open, or for you to be ready to come back. Building your plan “Everybody has a plan, until they get punched in the mouth” – Mike Tyson. COVID-19 was that punch, and it felt like an uppercut. But it wasn’t a knock-out blow. Yes we’ve been forced to workout at home, but results will tell you that doesn’t matter. Some of the success that we’ve seen from our 416 Online clients have been incredible. Some clients needed just a weekly check-in while they follow our workouts and attend our zoom classes, some excelled with daily accountability from their coach, others started nutrition coaching, and some have been doing private sessions with personalized programming. You’re a unique snowflake and your health and fitness program should recognize that. If you work long hours, and always struggled to get to the gym, daily 30-40 min at-home workouts with daily or weekly accountability would be a great option to fit your needs. Doing the work Very few people are motivated 100% of the time, especially with their fitness. Netflix, cookies, and wine are easily accessible, and can feel like a safe option most days. The key to motivation is accountability. Taking action becomes simple when you’re held accountable to doing it. Accountability can look like many things: it could be staying on top of a leaderboard, a public declaration of your intentions, a workout buddy, or a coach. No matter how you choose to stay accountable, this should be the first step taken before you begin your plan. Adapting Through Progress Tracking Setting a goal, creating a plan, and staying accountable is the road map to success. But sometimes the gas tank needs to be re-filled, or the tires need to be rotated before you reach your destination. Tracking your progress and making tweaks to the program or your lifestyle along the way eliminates stagnation, and increases motivation. It is also a chance to celebrate wins and accomplishments along the way. To do this properly, honest feedback and assessment with yourself or a coach will ensure the appropriate changes can be made before continuing the journey. Our survey about member intentions with regards to returning to the gym showed there are a number of clients who aren’t quite ready. Thats okay! Reach out to us so that we can continue to plan for your success. Not yet a member at 416? We are accepting new members into our personalized coaching program and would be happy to discuss how we can set you up for success right from home. Email dan@crossfit416.ca to get started. -Dan POPULAR POSTS How Do I Get A 6-Pack, Fast? A Time For Change What if I’m Not Ready to Come Back to the Gym? 416 Fitness Club – Our Vision, Focus, and Values 6-Week Quarantine Training Cycle Schedule Your Free Intro Talk with a coach about your goals, get the plan to achieve them. LET’S DO THIS CONTACT (416) 901-0416 info@416fitnessclub.com 390 Queens Quay West Unit 112 Toronto, ON M5V 3A6 Facebook-f Instagram Click here to schedule a Free Intro. During your intro, we'll make a plan to help you reach your goals. BOOK A FREE INTRO Schedule Pricing Terms & Conditions Hold Cancellation Privacy Schedule Pricing Terms & Conditions Hold Cancellation Privacy A Kilo website. All rights reserved fill out the form below to get started! Take the first step towards getting the results you want!
