https://abc.com/shows/the-bachelor/news/updates/whos-the-next-bachelor-2024-joey-graziadei-season-28
Who Is the Next Bachelor 2024? It's Joey Graziadei! | The Bachelor Skip to Content provider-logo browse Live TV news schedule Search try provider-logo browse Live TV news schedule - ABOUT Who Is the Next Bachelor 2024? It's Joey Graziadei! By Mike Krolak Aug 21st, 2023 After his heartbreaking departure at the end of Charity Lawson's season of "The Bachelorette," Joey Graziadei will take a second shot at finding his perfect match when he steps in as leading man for the upcoming 28th season of "The Bachelor." The charismatic teaching tennis pro, who won over Bachelor Nation with his honesty and openness to find lasting love, will be handing out roses when the season premieres next year on ABC. Watch episodes on demand and on Hulu the day following their premieres. WATCH: Joey Graziadei is announced as the next Bachelor on "The Bachelorette: After the Final Rose" Joey Graziadei is a 28-year-old teaching tennis pro from Collegeville, Pennsylvania, who stole hearts all over America on season 20 of "The Bachelorette" with his loyalty, thoughtfulness and compassion. Before his emotional exit, audiences saw Graziadei open up about his family values and how those closest to him have influenced his desire to find lasting love. As the Bachelor, Graziadei is looking for a life partner who is outgoing, caring, and shares his love for adventure and exploring the outdoors. He loves hiking, surfing and ending his days watching the sunset but knows he has much more love to give, and the only thing missing is someone with whom to share his life. "The Bachelor" is produced by Warner Bros. Unscripted Television in association with Warner Horizon. Claire Freeland, Jason Ehrlich, Bennett Graebner, Peter Gust, Tim Warner, Jodi Baskerville and Jeff Thomas serve as executive producers. The BachelorNews & BlogsUpdatesWho Is the Next Bachelor 2024? It's Joey Graziadei! Follow The Bachelor: COMPANY ABC Updates Advertise With Us Apps Contact Us Company Info FAQ Shop Terms of Use Privacy Policy BRANDS ABC News Disney+ DisneyNOW ESPN Freeform FXNOWfx now Hulu NatGeoTV FOLLOW US YouTube Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Snap LEGAL Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Interest-Based Ads Closed Captioning Corporate Social Responsibility Children's Online Privacy Policy Your US State Privacy Rights About Nielsen Measurement © 2023 ABC Entertainment
