https://fitnessworld.ca/classes/yoga-fitness/
Yoga Classes (Beginners, Advanced, 60+) – Near Vancouver, BC | Fitness World Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Join Now Free 3-day pass Member Login Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Member Login Join Now all you need to know about YOGA AT FITNESS WORLD. Join Now View Classes Yoga at Fitness World Unwind your workday knots and feel stronger and more confident in your skin with our amazing, all-inclusive yoga classes. We’ve designed each and every yoga class to match a variety of fitness levels, giving everyone an opportunity to experience the true and lasting benefits of yoga. From beginning and intermediate, all the way to advanced, there’s something new to learn and experience in a Fitness World yoga class. Our supportive team of certified yoga instructors are here to make each class a fun, exciting, and safe space, offering both traditional and modernized moves, so you’ll never get bored! Have a fluctuating schedule? No problem! We want you to tap into the invigorating feeling of a yoga class when it best fits your schedule, which is why we offer a wide range of yoga class times, from 15 minutes to an hour to truly give you the best experience possible. Types of Yoga Classes Yoga Earth Yoga Earth is our foundational class, designed to strengthen your muscles and improving both posture and flexibility. Yoga Earth is suitable for all fitness levels. Yoga Wind Yoga Wind is inspired by a Vinyasa practice that unites movement with breath, flowing from pose to pose. Yoga Wind is suitable for all levels and include modification options. Yoga Fire Yoga Fire is the perfect power yoga class for building endurance, strength, flexibility, and concentration – all in one. This dynamic class is best suited for intermediate to advanced yogis. Join Fitness World Today! Ready to join the Fit Fam and improve your yoga skills? Sign up for Fit or Goal memberships today to get unlimited access to group studio classes! Choose from yoga & stretch classes to strength training, and more! The options are endless and they all start with you. Join Today! Find a Yoga Class -- Select Location -- Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook TRAIN by FW Main Street Victoria All Days MondayTuesdayWednesdayThursdayFridaySaturdaySunday Yoga & Stretch Strength Cardio Cycle THE WORX Location Monday Time Class Duration Instructor Class Type Details Class Description Location Day Time Class Duration Instructor Class Type Show All Explore More Grab Your Free 3-Day Pass Want to give Fitness World a try before you commit? Sign up for a completely free 3-day pass that will give you access to a variety of our amazing fitness amenities like state-of-the-art equipment, relaxation and recovery tools, and more! FW Online is here! Workout anytime, anywhere with our on-demand virtual fitness classes, available with select memberships in the FW Mobile App. Grab My Pass YOGA FAQs Do I need to wear anything specific to a yoga class? No, however, we do recommend something that won’t interfere with movement, like yoga pants or leggings. We’ll provide any additional equipment you’ll need for the class, so simply bring socks and a bottle of water. Do you have to be flexible do take a yoga class? No. Our classes are designed to be accessible and for a multitude of flexibility levels. During each class, our instructors will provide you with alternative moves you can do if the suggested one is too difficult. Listen to your body and don’t overextend yourself. With each class, you’ll find that your flexibility will improve, which is why we suggest implementing weekly yoga classes into your workouts. Can Yoga help you build muscle? Yes. Yoga uses body weight resistance as a way to build muscle tone, however, if you’re looking to bulk up or significantly increase muscle mass, we recommend adding in an additional strength training class on top of your yoga class. Do I need to bring my own yoga mat? No, we will provide you with a yoga mat that you can use. If you have your own preferred yoga mat, however, you are allowed to bring that with you and use it. What if I’m late to a class? We do understand that things happen and you can’t always be there on time, however, we strongly recommend that you show up 5-15 minutes early for each class in order to prevent any distractions for our yogis and the instructor. If you are late, we please ask that you walk in silently and find a place to get started. How often should I take a yoga class? This will depend on your experience level and time availability. If you’re new to yoga, start with one class a week to learn the basics and dip your toes in. If you’re more experienced, you can take a yoga class whenever you want – before a workout to warm up, after a workout to cool down, or if you need a good stretch. Join Now Free 3-day Pass Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to Clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Memberships Join Now Explore Memberships Corporate Memberships Free Pass Locations Club Finder Cambie (12th & Cambie) Downtown (Howe & Davie) Georgia & Bute Kingsway Kitsilano Langley Lonsdale Lougheed Marine Gateway (Cambie & Marine) Nanaimo Richmond Oval Village Semiahmoo South Surrey Signature Surrey (Whalley) Suter Brook Victoria Train By FW Experience FW Fitness Classes All Fitness Classes BollyX Class Barre Class Cardio Class Kickboxing Class Cycling Class Pilates Class Zumba Fitness Class Yoga Fitness Class Strength Training Fitness Class THE WORX Personal Training Online Fitness Recovery Nutrition Rewards Additional Resources Blog Commitment to clean FAQs Press Careers Contact Let's connect Download the app Copyright © 2023 Fitness World Canada. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Whoops! Please enter a valid email address. Got it
