https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/abc-watch-live-tv-stream-full/id364191819?mt=8
‎ABC: Live TV, Shows and Sports on the App Store Exit Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ App Store Preview ABC: Live TV, Shows and Sports 12+ Watch series & news channels Disney #72 in Entertainment 4.7 • 269.7K Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple TV Description Watch TV shows, live sports, live news and live streaming channels. Whether you’re streaming the latest episode of Grey’s Anatomy, watching college football, NFL football or catching up on the latest news, the ABC app fulfills your live TV and entertainment needs. Streaming your favorite shows from ABC, Nat Geo, & FX is simple. Watch live sports and stream TV shows on the ABC app. STREAMING MADE SIMPLE WATCH FREE: Thousands of hours of your favorite shows streaming 24/7 in our Unlocked Channels - no sign-in needed. ACCESS: Link to your TV provider once, access everything (live, video on demand, news & more). ANYWHERE: Watch on your favorite devices (Smart TVs, web, tablet & more). FULL EPISODES Watch the latest episodes* of the TV shows you can’t get enough of, like Grey’s Anatomy, American Idol, Good Morning America, 20/20, General Hospital & more. WATCH LIVE SPORTS** Don’t settle for the highlights. Immerse yourself in the action to never miss a single play! Catch thrilling moments from the MLB, NCAA & NFL regular season and playoffs. Live stream sports from anywhere for the ultimate playoff experience. LIVE TV Stream live TV** for your morning dose of GMA, nightly world news from ABC News, and live sporting events, like college and Monday Night Football. STREAMING CHANNELS Access 24/7 streaming channels, including the ABC News Live channel, National Geographic's Sharkfest, & much more - all with no sign-in needed. Watch free! WATCH TV ON THE GO Streaming is easy when you can watch TV episodes and series on the go. Whether on the train or the treadmill, watch your favorites anytime, anywhere. ABC ACCOUNT Enhance your viewing experience by creating a free account to save your favorites, continue watching where you left off, and sync your preferences across multiple devices! Download the ABC app now to: ◈ Stream live TV, news, and sports with new content daily ◈ Watch your favorite TV shows from anywhere you want, any time ◈ Discover new episodes and TV series from ABC, Nat Geo, FX & Freeform ◈ Access 24/7 streaming channels for uninterrupted entertainment ◈ View videos and extra content from your favorite shows, like Grey’s Anatomy ◈ Find TV schedules so you never miss a chance to watch your favorite episodes Stream your favorite ABC shows, plus Nat Geo, Freeform & FX all on YOUR schedule - download the app now and start watching! Comments, questions or seeing an error? Please contact us at http://abc.com/feedback or through the feedback form in the app. For more information visit: abc.com/faq. * The most recent full episodes require a participating TV provider account. Show and episode availability are subject to change. ** Live Sports and the ABC TV live stream are available with a participating TV provider in designated local markets. For a complete list of participating providers and available markets, visit abc.com/faq Before you download this app, please consider that this app includes advertising for some third parties, as well as advertising for The Walt Disney Family of Companies, and may include advertising targeted to your interests. You may choose to control targeted advertising within our applications by using your mobile device settings (for example, by resetting your device’s advertising identifier and/or opting out of interest-based ads). This app also contains social media links as well as location based services to provide local programming in your ABC livestream. Please note: This app features Nielsen’s proprietary measurement software, which will allow you to contribute to market research, like Nielsen’s TV Ratings. Please see www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy for more information. Terms of Use: disneytermsofuse.com Privacy Policy: disneyprivacycenter.com Your California Privacy Rights: privacy.thewaltdisneycompany.com/en/current-privacy-policy/your-california-privacy-rights Do Not Sell My Information: privacy.thewaltdisneycompany.com/en/dnsmi What’s New Nov 16, 2023 Version 10.38.0 We’ve updated the app to address bug fixes for a better viewing experience! Ratings and Reviews 4.7 out of 5 269.7K Ratings 269.7K Ratings Met1953 , 04/07/2021 Ditto all the bad reviews The ABC app just stopped working on my iPhone 8! I’ve had it for years and now I haven’t been able to open it in weeks. Why???? I have a Directv account and should be able to use it. I’m super frustrated. Only giving it 1 star because I want to submit a complaint. The app tries to open for a couple seconds and then immediately shuts down. I have the latest version on my phone. Please fix this pronto. I ditto all the bad reviews listed. I too just checked back to see if ABC went back to their original terms, but discovered even more bad reviews. I feel that ABC doesn't care if people use this app. I am a Directv subscriber and used the app to catch up on shows I missed a portion of because local news interrupted a show because of televising weather conditions. It was nice to know I didn't have to miss out. Well now, I'm missing out. Oh well. I'm trying to watch more shows on channels other than ABC. Hard for me to support ABC at all at this point. I had to give it 1 star just to submit the review, but I don't think you deserve any stars. 0 stars. Developer Response , Hi there! Thanks for the review. Our Customer Support team would be more than happy to investigate the cause of those crashing issues you're seeing. You can reach out to them here: https://abc.com/feedback Tarzan Mangili , 03/18/2022 Modern Show Ambiance What can I say about ABC it’s a great app that helps the viewer view his taste in what makes it special and. What makes it special is the ambiance that glows when a new viewer is intrigued by the moment it shines every week for new episodes. Like Grey's Anatomy that I love watching and I just love how they celebrate their surgeries with honor, dedication and sense of humble gratitude within their skills, specialities, and surgical abundance they are willing to sacrifice their lives for the most willing patient that shares a prehistory on their life. And that in a way is what makes ABC special just like the surgeries in Grey’s Anatomy that they each celebrate their work and know they are special because their human cos it doesn’t matter how different we are what matters is the love we give each other of what ABC does and. I have this certain ability to give a particular motto for certain companies and for the ABC company is Amazing, Bold and Caring on why that ABC network is a beautiful thing ever invented and I’m glad we have it. Thank You. willrevene14 , 06/26/2019 Ad system is horrible and screws the viewer. Watching agents of shield. There’s a commercial break before the last 2 minutes of the show, so you have to watch about 5 minutes of ads just to see the last 2 minutes of the show. When the ads ended, I missed the first few seconds and went to rewind. It ended up sending me back to the beginning of the commercial break. Usually it recognizes you already watched that one and skips you over it, but not this time. It made me watch the ads again for 5 minutes. Then when they were over it sent me halfway into the last 2 minutes, so I had to rewind again. But this time it sent me farther back for no reason. Sent me back 2 commercial breaks. So I had to watch another 5 minutes of ads. No we’re at 15 minutes of ads just to see 2 minutes of the show. But wait, there’s more! Since it sent me back 2 commercial breaks, once I finished the third set of commercials I fast forwarded to the end, hoping to get by the last commercial break since I’ve watched that one TWICE ALREADY, but nope. Made me watch it a third time. Another 5 minutes. So I spent 20 minutes of my life just to watch TWO MINUTES of your show. Never again. I’m done watching agents of shield on your app, I’ll just wait for it to get to Netflix where I don’t have to deal with this. Developer Response , Hey there! Our team would definitely like to look into this issue with you in greater detail. We strongly recommend reaching out to our team via our website feedback/questions form: https://abc.go.com/feedback Events TUE 1:00 AM LIVE EVENT Eagles at Chiefs App Privacy The developer, Disney, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy. Data Used to Track You The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies: Identifiers Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Location User Content Search History Identifiers Usage Data Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Location Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Disney Electronic Content, Inc. Size 363.3 MB Category Entertainment Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 14.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 14.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 14.0 or later. Apple TV Requires tvOS 14.0 or later. Languages English Age Rating 12+ Infrequent/Mild Sexual Content and Nudity Infrequent/Mild Realistic Violence Infrequent/Mild Horror/Fear Themes Infrequent/Mild Profanity or Crude Humor Infrequent/Mild Mature/Suggestive Themes Infrequent/Mild Alcohol, Tobacco, or Drug Use or References Copyright © 2023 ABC, INC. Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy More By This Developer Disney+ Entertainment ESPN: Live Sports & Scores Sports ESPN Fantasy Sports & More Sports My Disney Experience Travel DisneyNOW – Episodes & Live TV Entertainment Disneyland® Travel You Might Also Like FOX NOW: Watch TV & Sports Entertainment USA Network Entertainment E! Entertainment Watch TBS Entertainment Watch TNT Entertainment Food Network GO - Live TV Entertainment More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
