https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/club-16-trevor-linden-fitness/id6444220626
‎Club 16 Trevor Linden Fitness on the App Store Exit Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ App Store Preview Club 16 Trevor Linden Fitness 4+ Club 16 Limited Partnership 4.2 • 44 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple Watch Description Fitness starts with you! Take control of your goals and log your progress with the Club16 App. With this app, you can access: Training plans Schedule workouts Manage nutrition intake Message your coach Track your progress and get push notification reminders for scheduled workouts and activities. You can also connect to wearable devices like Apple Watch (synced to Health app), Fitbit and Within. What’s New Nov 1, 2023 Version 7.100.0 Bug fixes and performance updates. Ratings and Reviews 4.2 out of 5 44 Ratings 44 Ratings Rohan K Mathews , 2023-09-13 Can’t mark the event as complete Unable to mark event as complete after session with trainer is over. That’s ridiculous. App Privacy The developer, Club 16 Limited Partnership, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Health & Fitness Contact Info Contacts User Content Identifiers Usage Data Sensitive Info Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Club 16 Limited Partnership Size 163.8 MB Category Health & Fitness Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 12.4 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 12.4 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 12.4 or later. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2022 Trainerize Price Free App Support Privacy Policy App Support Privacy Policy Supports Wallet Get all of your passes, tickets, cards, and more in one place. You Might Also Like Fitness World Canada Health & Fitness Oxygen Yoga & Fitness Health & Fitness Pacific Blue Cross Mobile Medical Gold's Gym BC Health & Fitness LifeLabs - Net Check In Medical SPINCO.ca Health & Fitness More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
