https://apps.apple.com/us/app/fitness-world-canada/id1101915334?ign-itscg=30200&ign-itsct=apps_box_badge
‎Fitness World Canada on the App Store Exit Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ App Store Preview Fitness World Canada 17+ FW FITNESS BC Designed for iPad 3.9 • 11 Ratings Free Screenshots iPad iPhone Description The Fitness World Canada app provides class schedules, social media platforms, fitness goals, and in-club challenges. Our app will also allow you to link many of the popular fitness tracking devices and fitness apps on the market. It uses HealthKit to save your workouts, so they can contribute to your fitness goals and challenges progress. Have a comment or question? Email our team directly at digitalsupport@egym.com. What’s New Apr 14, 2023 Version 3.2 We’re continuously working to improve the look and feel of our app. And this app version has another portion of UI updates. Enjoy! Ratings and Reviews 3.9 out of 5 11 Ratings 11 Ratings santafeangel , 08/22/2022 Easy to use Well organized and easy to use. Only wish is that you could track weight and list equipment use and record sets/weight DiValente , 09/17/2020 Wallet!!! Please add compatibility with the Apple wallet for scan our code! Almost 2021 and we still need to open a super slow app just to scan it. Peter9723 , 07/21/2023 Flawed It tells me my credentials are incorrect so I click reset password, it tells me email is not registered. I try to create a new account then it tells me account already exists. Road block ahead! App Privacy The developer, FW FITNESS BC, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Health & Fitness Contact Info User Content Identifiers Usage Data Sensitive Info Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Browsing History Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller FW Fitness BC Ltd Size 157.8 MB Category Health & Fitness Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 14.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 14.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 14.0 or later. Mac Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later. Languages English, Arabic, Bulgarian, Catalan, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Icelandic, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish Age Rating 17+ Unrestricted Web Access Copyright © EGYM, 2023 Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Wallet Get all of your passes, tickets, cards, and more in one place. More By This Developer FW Personal Training Health & Fitness You Might Also Like Pacific Blue Cross Mobile Medical Oxygen Yoga & Fitness Health & Fitness Gold's Gym BC Health & Fitness Club 16 Trevor Linden Fitness Health & Fitness LifeLabs - Net Check In Medical RIDE CYCLE CLUB 2.0 Health & Fitness More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
