https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/fw-personal-training/id1534362125
‎FW Personal Training on the App Store Exit Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ App Store Preview FW Personal Training 4+ FW FITNESS BC Designed for iPad 4.7 • 56 Ratings Free Screenshots iPad iPhone Apple Watch Description Your goals don't stop, and neither do we. FW | Personal Training Online is the go-to app for Fitness World Personal Training clients. With everything from online sessions to workout tracking, getting after your goals has never been easier. - Access training plans and track workouts - Do your workout anywhere with online Personal Training sessions - Schedule workouts and stay committed by beating your personal bests - Track progress towards your goals - Manage your nutrition intake as prescribed by your Personal Trainer - Set health and fitness goals - Message your Personal Trainer in real-time - Track body measurements and take progress photos - Get push notification reminders for scheduled workouts and activities - Connect to wearable devices like Apple Watch (synced to Health app), Fitbit and Withings to sync body stats instantly Download the app today! What’s New Aug 24, 2023 Version 7.90.0 Bug fixes and performance updates. Ratings and Reviews 4.7 out of 5 56 Ratings 56 Ratings We like it... , 2023-05-10 Andrea She’s an awesome trainer. Really encouraging and explains all the different workouts completely! She’s friendly and always attentive. B.Rosin , 2023-05-24 Not working Unable to access or even download again the app #challenged , 2023-05-07 Personal Training I’ve been working out with Luke Lovemore & he’s been not only an inspiration but an amazing Trainer. I highly recommend him for his patience, understanding & professional advice. I’m learning lots & best of all, seeing results. Thanks, Donna App Privacy The developer, FW FITNESS BC, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Health & Fitness Contact Info Contacts User Content Identifiers Usage Data Sensitive Info Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller FW Fitness BC Ltd Size 169 MB Category Health & Fitness Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 12.4 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 12.4 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 12.4 or later. Mac Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2023 Trainerize Price Free App Support Privacy Policy App Support Privacy Policy Supports Wallet Get all of your passes, tickets, cards, and more in one place. More By This Developer Fitness World Canada Health & Fitness You Might Also Like Gold's Gym BC Health & Fitness Spin Society 2.0 Health & Fitness Harbour Dance Centre Health & Fitness dotFIT Health & Fitness Lagree West: Booking App Health & Fitness Club 16 Trevor Linden Fitness Health & Fitness More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
