https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/golds-gym-bc/id1563915369
‎Gold's Gym BC on the App Store Exit Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ App Store Preview Gold's Gym BC 17+ GG Broadway Investments Limited Partnership Designed for iPhone 4.6 • 18 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone Apple Watch Description Elevate your fitness routine with Gold's Gym BC app! It's your all-in-one solution to easily monitor your workouts, track progress, and achieve your fitness goals with engaging insights and motivation. Gold's Gym BC app offers an array of features, including: Workout Tracking Seamlessly capture all your workout data from gym equipment or manually enter it for a complete record. Training Plans Optimize your workouts with personalized plans provided by your fitness facility or trainer. Activity Levels Stay motivated with encouraging milestones as you progress to higher levels. Fun Challenges Challenge yourself with time-based activities that reward you with kudos, activity points, and prizes. Schedules Manage and book classes with ease to keep yourself on track. And much more! The Gold's Gym BC app integrates with HealthKit to help you save your workouts and contribute to your fitness goals and challenges. Have a comment or question about the app? Email our team directly at digitalsupport@egym.com. What’s New May 25, 2023 Version 1.2 The app keeps getting better and better! This version includes enhanced features and bug fixes to ensure a smoother experience. Ratings and Reviews 4.6 out of 5 18 Ratings 18 Ratings AetherWings , 2023-11-21 Nice gym Good equipment and great staff! e--dubz , 2023-09-14 Golds Gym Langley… best! Everything I need in a gym. I’ve been to MANY. Nickname1726353 , 2023-05-30 Easy to use Easy to use and navigate. Helps me plan my week I.e. plan my work outs before a yoga class App Privacy The developer, GG Broadway Investments Limited Partnership, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Health & Fitness Contact Info User Content Identifiers Usage Data Sensitive Info Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Browsing History Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller GG Broadway Investments Limited Partnership Size 207.3 MB Category Health & Fitness Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 14.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 14.0 or later. Mac Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later. Languages English, Arabic, Bulgarian, Catalan, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Icelandic, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish Age Rating 17+ Unrestricted Web Access Copyright © EGYM, 2023 Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Wallet Get all of your passes, tickets, cards, and more in one place. More By This Developer Golds BC Health & Fitness You Might Also Like Fitness World Canada Health & Fitness Club 16 Trevor Linden Fitness Health & Fitness Oxygen Yoga & Fitness Health & Fitness RIDE CYCLE CLUB 2.0 Health & Fitness Gold's Gym Calgary Health & Fitness Pacific Blue Cross Mobile Medical More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
