https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/lifelabs-net-check-in/id1434118794
‎LifeLabs - Net Check In on the App Store Exit Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ App Store Preview LifeLabs - Net Check In 12+ LifeLabs Designed for iPad #10 in Medical 4.3 • 5.1K Ratings Free Screenshots iPad iPhone Description Visiting LifeLabs is now easier than ever! LifeLabs’ Save My Spot™, powered by Net Check In, allows you to check in remotely using your phone, iPad, or the web, so you can spend your time your way while your name waits for you! Net Check In - Transforming how the world waits.™ What’s New Sept 29, 2021 Version 2.3.5 Bug fixes and performance improvements Ratings and Reviews 4.3 out of 5 5.1K Ratings 5.1K Ratings mdghcekxzrlbfypivptskhpslvfa , 2020-08-28 A must have for regular patients! There seems to be some confusion with people thinking the save my spot is like an appointment. It is not the same as an appointment! Basically the app allows you to put your name in the que from home or wherever, and it will give you an ESTIMATED wait time. Show up around your estimated wait time and let the girls at the front know you’ve arrived and they will help you as soon as you’re at the top of the que. The only reason why they wouldn’t help you right away is if you showed up a bit earlier or there were appointments ahead of you. Appointments are still a priority. This app works great. Saves time for patients and for the lab tech mlizin , 2021-07-03 excellent, however... The App is excellent and help anyone zero-in to select the Lab with the most convenient location and wait time. However once the user has made his/her selection he quickly gets the confirmation that he is now in the "Save-my-spot" qeue without knowing the exact time he is expected to show up, all he knows is that he saved his spot 45min. ago. So to know the exact time one is expected, one better check his watch and do the math. Why not just show the user's time slot (10.55 AM). Makes it easier to be on time. Darla Rose , 2021-02-05 Way better than a walk-in! After seeing all these negative reviews, I didn’t know what to expect. The appointments were booked up for the next couple weeks so I decided to try Save My Spot on my husband’s advice. He had a great experience with it. Me too! The app was excellent and the service was great! I showed up 10 minutes before the app told me to and there was someone there at the door to greet me. My name was there on her tablet. I went in exactly when the app originally said I would if not before. So much better than a walk-in. App Privacy The developer, LifeLabs, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Health & Fitness Contact Info Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Location Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller LifeLabs LP Size 24.7 MB Category Medical Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 10.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 10.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 10.0 or later. Mac Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later. Languages English, French, Spanish Age Rating 12+ Infrequent/Mild Medical/Treatment Information Copyright © 2018 Innovative Computer Software Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy You Might Also Like Pacific Blue Cross Mobile Medical Dynacare - Net Check In Medical Dynacare Plus Health & Fitness myAir™ for Canada by ResMed Medical Oxygen Yoga & Fitness Health & Fitness Fitness World Canada Health & Fitness More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
