https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/oxygen-yoga-fitness/id1031313946
‎Oxygen Yoga & Fitness on the App Store Exit Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ App Store Preview Oxygen Yoga & Fitness 4+ Oxygen Yoga & Fitness Inc. Designed for iPad #48 in Health & Fitness 2.5 • 112 Ratings Free Screenshots iPad iPhone Description Plan and Schedule your classes with us from your Mobile device. Download the Oxygen Yoga & Fitness App today to plan and schedule your classes! From this mobile App you can view class schedules, sign-up for classes, view ongoing promotions, as well as view the studio’s location and contact information. You can also click through to our social pages! Optimize your time and maximize the convenience of signing up for classes from your device! Download this App today! What’s New Sept 19, 2023 Version 6.100.0 Updates to the class detail screens which have been enhanced to improve readability, communicate booking status, information hierarchy, and consistency across all service types. Ratings and Reviews 2.5 out of 5 112 Ratings 112 Ratings Chipic1234 , 2023-11-15 Crashing Over the past 6 months or so this app is constantly crashing. I try to open it and the first screen opens and then immediately the app crashes. Works occasionally but always crashes 1-2x before opening properly. Otherwise works well. marina 2010 , 2021-07-13 This app does not work This app does not allow me to book. I have tried from multiple devices to book during two months; none if them works. So poor and it's turn out to he ascam. indigokat , 2023-10-03 Tolerable UI is okay but really needs better calendar integration (eg choose ical vs gcal) and notifications - particularly when class is updated from waitlist to “on the schedule” App Privacy The developer, Oxygen Yoga & Fitness Inc., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Purchases Financial Info Contact Info User Content Identifiers Usage Data Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Oxygen Yoga & Fitness Inc. Size 87.1 MB Category Health & Fitness Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 14.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 14.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 14.0 or later. Mac Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later. Languages English, Arabic, Czech, Danish, Dutch, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Italian, Japanese, Norwegian Bokmål, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Traditional Chinese Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2001-2023 MINDBODY Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy You Might Also Like SPINCO.ca Health & Fitness Pacific Blue Cross Mobile Medical Fitness World Canada Health & Fitness LifeLabs - Net Check In Medical Club 16 Trevor Linden Fitness Health & Fitness RIDE CYCLE CLUB 2.0 Health & Fitness More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
