https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/pacific-blue-cross-mobile/id589013214
‎Pacific Blue Cross Mobile on the App Store Exit Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ App Store Preview Pacific Blue Cross Mobile 17+ Pacific Blue Cross Designed for iPad #23 in Medical 4.3 • 13K Ratings Free Screenshots iPad iPhone Description The Pacific Blue Cross Mobile app helps you manage your benefits and improve the health & wellbeing of you and your family. For travellers, the app is the fastest way to buy and manage Canada's most trusted brand in travel insurance. Features: • Review member coverage • Submit claims • View claims history • View your membership card • Find Insta-Claim providers • Find Preferred Pharmacy Network locations • Health & wellness tips • Buy travel insurance • Buy health & dental insurance • Easy login with fingerprint touch ID • Sign up for direct deposit • Contact us (travel emergency) What’s New Nov 17, 2023 Version 3.1.53 What's New in Version 3.1.53 - Various minor bug fixes and improvements. Ratings and Reviews 4.3 out of 5 13K Ratings 13K Ratings Jenn1977abc , 2019-11-25 Works well hard to read I really liked this app but the latest update put it in some sort of dark mode and the text is hard to read especially the calendar. Please change it back to the old formatting. gopher_123 , 2019-11-23 Does not work in dark mode Cannot see the fields and descriptions if IPhone is in dark mode. Please fix. Dijeanne , 2021-06-09 Missing facial recognition Waiting for an update to include facial Recognition! Fairly easy to navigate otherwise. App Privacy The developer, Pacific Blue Cross, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Health & Fitness Contact Info User Content Identifiers Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Location Usage Data Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller PBC Health Benefits Society Size 35.2 MB Category Medical Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 12.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 12.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 12.0 or later. Mac Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later. Languages English Age Rating 17+ Frequent/Intense Medical/Treatment Information Copyright © 2018 Pacific Blue Cross Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy More By This Developer My PBC Benefits Medical You Might Also Like LifeLabs - Net Check In Medical Fitness World Canada Health & Fitness Oxygen Yoga & Fitness Health & Fitness Alberta Blue Cross®—member app Medical mybluecross® mobile Medical Club 16 Trevor Linden Fitness Health & Fitness More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
