https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/ride-cycle-club-2-0/id1517932073
‎RIDE CYCLE CLUB 2.0 on the App Store Exit Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Entertainment Accessories Support 0+ App Store Preview RIDE CYCLE CLUB 2.0 4+ Health & Fitness RIDE CYCLE CLUB LTD Designed for iPhone 5.0 • 1.4K Ratings Free iPhone Screenshots Description RIDE CYCLE CLUB is an innovative boutique concept that is challenging the status quo of indoor cycling. Each RIDE is a full-body workout designed to reboot and strengthen both mind and body. RIDE combines an intense cardiovascular sweat, micro bike movements and full-body toning reinforced by the authority of music.Offical App of RIDE CYCLE CLUB where you can view studio locations, book your next RIDE class, review your existing classes, manage your account, and more! Download the App today and find a RIDE CYCLE CLUB studio near you to book your next RIDE. What’s New Jun 21, 2023 Version 3.32.0 In this version, we've updated the app to improve your experience! Changes include: - Resolved login issue when Google social login is enabled. - Updated copy with clearer language when users are prompted to confirm their SMS opt-in status. Stay tuned for future app updates! Ratings and Reviews 5.0 out of 5 1.4K Ratings 1.4K Ratings nicolenp79 , 2022-12-25 Changing seats Hello! In the AMs I sometimes like to see if I can change my bike if someone has cancelled but I’m told the window time has passed. Can this be changed?? App Privacy The developer, RIDE CYCLE CLUB LTD, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Used to Track You The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies: Usage Data Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Financial Info Location Contact Info Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Usage Data Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller RIDE CYCLE CLUB LTD Size 47.6 MB Category Health & Fitness Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 13.7 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 13.7 or later. Mac Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Copyright © Mariana Tek Corporation Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Wallet Get all of your passes, tickets, cards, and more in one place. You Might Also Like SPINCO.ca Health & Fitness Spin Society 2.0 Health & Fitness Lagree West: Booking App Health & Fitness Home of the Bikergang Health & Fitness Jaybird Studios: Booking App Health & Fitness Rumble Boxing Inc. Health & Fitness More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
